Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, your favorite modelable, buildable, adventureable, open-world pixel sandbox, Minecraft will not receive 4K texture love, nor is there lipstick to put on its pigs.
This is just one graphic story, stay tuned for the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet, welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 789 for this, August 18th of 2019.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me in studio, welcome back actually tonight because she was out last week.
You can see her little bob there on stream, her little red bob with the hair, but it's DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, how are you?
I'm annoyed.
You're annoyed? I'm sorry to hear that.
One of the stories that I need apparently, it didn't have a problem with my ad block on my one computer and it doesn't like it on this one, so.
Well you're not supposed to use ad block, how are those sites supposed to make money?
Like that.
No I, when it gets intrusive, I have no, see I think the way that they advertise at vognetwork.com, this little website I may or may not be affiliated with, I like the way they do it because it's unobtrusive.
It doesn't do like autoplay videos and all that garbage, that's the stuff that drives me bonkers.
I have an idea.
When it's like autoplay videos and things like that.
I'm going to refresh it, select all and copy.
Alright, while DarkSakura is sleuthing over there, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
How are you Loki?
I'm fine.
Well of course we do broadcast over on Twitch TV, over at twitch.tv slash vognetwork every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Although we're going to be going on a little bit of a hiatus, just for two weeks, but I'll explain that in a moment.
I've been warning you guys for a couple weeks.
But the reason why I say that is because even though of course we tape everything, it's a podcast that gets put out there for free and all that stuff.
Now that we're on Twitch, and we have been for you know six or seven months, people get to like see us and our wardrobe choices.
And your wardrobe choice today Techmaster Loki.
Oh you can't see it in his laptop.
Well that too, but it blends into the background.
Can you stand up or something? Because you've got this little like bread cat thing.
But both DarkSakura and I said the same thing when you walked in with that.
We were both like, is that President Cat?
No.
That's a President Cat shirt. That looks like President Cat.
It sort of does, because President Cat has like additional cat ears.
I don't know what kind of like mask head thing it was wearing.
It's actually wearing like a cat mask.
A cat wearing a cat mask.
Yes, it's a cat wearing a cat mask. Yes.
No, this is a bread cat or inbred cat or they call it cat breading. Sometimes it's like a meme thing.
It's actually a shirt from YouTuber William Osman who I watch.
And so I saw it because it's a stupid cat shirt.
And I'm like, you know, I'd love to wear that on the show.
Plus it's super soft. And so why not?
All right. Comfort and coolness here on Orange Lounge Radio.
All right. Going to our chat. Run, jump, stomp and chat says, sorry, I'm new.
What is President Cat? We have to re-explain the OLRN jokes once in a while.
OK, so here's here's the crazy thing. This is one of those rare instances where Orange Lounge Radio,
our little show, actually got like big media coverage on all the big gaming websites and everything.
OK, so here and here's the hilarious thing. If you Google President Cat, you actually get the obscure Japanese Wii game.
I might be mispronouncing. Sorry. Sukeban.
Sukeban Shacho Rena Wii.
Thank you. I was I would have been close, but that.
OK, so this was this very obscure Wii game that apparently didn't sell very well either.
But we were talking about we it was during our release date segment.
We've been doing the release dates for years and years. Right.
And you know how sometimes when we're going over release dates, we get a little distracted because we're like, what is this game?
What is this game? Will this happen with this game?
Because Dark Sakura said something like, does that name translate to like the president cat or something?
And so we started looking at videos of it and then we started calling it President Cat because it does translate.
It doesn't necessarily mean like a real president. It's more like the CEO.
Yeah. No, it doesn't mean like Obama president.
Sukeban is a delinquent woman.
Yes. So but we just started calling it President Cat for short because we thought it was a funny title because I think it was an election.
Wasn't it 2008? I think it was. And the reason why I reference Obama, because I remember our viewers then on Twitter went crazy.
And sorry, listeners. And we actually got like one of those Obama posters for like hope.
But it was President Cat's picture. So.
And OK, but here's the part that really got crazy.
So we were telling everybody because this was when Twitter was still kind of new.
So we found the developer on Twitter and we were like, start.
You got to send the developer messages. We need this in America.
Why don't. And it became this whole conversation about shovelware on the Wii and how we get all this garbage on the Wii.
Like we get these just garbage games on Nintendo Wii.
But we never get these like random ass titles out of Japan that just do something different like this.
So we were like, we demand a localization of President Cat. This has to happen.
So here's why the game blogs picked it up, because we were tweeting the developer.
They responded and they were like, our English isn't very good.
Sorry, but we're so happy that there's such enthusiasm for this game because they they had no fucking idea.
Like, why are these loudmouths in the US? Like, why are we getting spam for this game?
That probably honestly was probably not even that big of a game for them.
But like to get noticed over here, you know, in another country, it's kind of especially 10 years ago when Twitter and all that stuff was newer, it was kind of a big deal.
So that's so somehow the game blogs found that. I think one of our listeners emailed Joystiq, which was there at the time.
I think actdeft emailed Joystiq and they actually fucking ran it.
And from there, you know, all the game blogs just copy each other.
So they all copy pasted from Joystiq. And that was the story about how OLR got famous about an obscure Wii game that I don't even think sold well.
Then I think the next article I saw on Kotaku was that it was like the worst selling Wii game of all time in Japan or something like that.
But I don't. It was pretty bad. Yeah. But well, here's the thing.
I don't I want to see the receipts to this day. I never saw the receipts.
They claim and this is on Wikipedia claims that only sold approximately 100 copies.
Where's the receipts? You know, I have one of those copies. I did. I don't know if I gave it away, but I have one.
And you weren't the only OLR listener that like imported it. So I'm like, if there are frickin people, not that I think we have like 100 listeners to import.
But I just have a hard time to believe that like the game would not sell that well. I'm going to look for it right now.
Like, I don't think it sold buckets and buckets. It was I have judgment probably sold.
Yeah, it was on. It was destructoid that was running it.
I think we're in the Wikipedia. I'm looking at Wikipedia. We were in the Wikipedia for a beautiful Katamari for some time, too.
Anyway, these are these are moments when OLR had like half a moment of fame. Run Jump Stomp says this is an awesome story.
We are. We're linked to the destructoid article.
Oh, how funny. Anyway, but to this day, I still stand by what I said.
There's not enough risk taking going on. It's getting a lot better, especially, you know, in 2008, everything was still region locked.
Right. But in this day and age, things aren't really region locked anymore.
Oh, it was joystick, but I know. OK, nobody has the fucking receipts.
They're all referencing each other. Nobody is showing the cold, hard sales data.
So I call shenanigans on that sales number.
But anyway, things have gotten a lot better because we don't have the region locking anymore.
So a lot of those like crazier niche titles, like if you want it, you just buy it.
You know, you don't have to worry about it. You just buy it. It runs on your system.
So a lot of that's gotten better. But I'm going to pay 80 bucks for it, though.
I'm still always surprised how many like trash games come out.
But then like Crayola scoot. Yeah.
Or that fucking Garfield cart. Let's just call it what it is.
That Garfield cart game we talked about last week or two weeks ago.
I'm sorry. But, you know, in the words of my lord and master, Jasmine Masters.
Well, just as I thought, trash like that game is not going to be good.
So anyway. All right.
Looking for some other comments in chat. Let's see. Oh, yes.
And Bobby had pointed out that Joystick always was really good about covering indie podcasts back in the day.
Yes, that is true. They're one of the game blogs that I actually truly miss.
I forgot. They actually do follow me on Twitter, too.
Oh, is their Twitter account still up?
They haven't posted since 2010.
What's their handle on Twitter?
It's Renawee.
So you just can I get another Twitter campaign?
Can we tweet them and just say I miss you?
We miss President Cat. We still want President Cat.
Still thinking of President Cat in 2018. President Cat for 2020.
For real. For real. All right. Anyway.
Oh, that's a lot of silliness at the top of the show about a random game that we were trying to get localized on the Wii that didn't go very far.
All right. Anyway. Yeah.
Run, jump, stomp. I need someone to find it for me.
Find what for you? Oh, the game. The game.
Well, if it really only did sell that many copies, it probably is a collector's item.
And Loki was really dumb to get rid of his.
I don't know if I got rid of mine. I think I still have it, actually.
I'm just saying I don't if I gave it to somebody would have been the dark Sakura right here to like.
I really actually do want to play it because I have the emulator that will run it.
Yeah, I'm sure there's a I mean, you know, if you want to go to darker sides of the Internet, there's it's probably out there in an image form.
But anyway, and if you go and the funny thing is like, again, I don't want to like sound ego or anything like that.
But maybe just this once we named it President Cat, because, again, it doesn't really directly titled a president cat.
It's supposed to be like CEO or boss cat, I think would actually be like a better title.
But we called it President Cat. And that's the name that fucking stuck just for the record.
Go to YouTube. Look at President Cat. That's what people and then a couple of years. This is the last I'll say it.
And then I swear we'll move on. A couple of years ago, that indie studio, what were they called?
Oh, a rock or oh, look, a rock. So that they made that game at President Cat president.
And we actually had that guy on the show just to ask him, did you know about President Cat?
And for the record, the answer was no. But that guy makes some hilarious games.
He's still making games and stuff. So we support what cat president people are doing, too.
I posted the article. Oh, good. In in chat, the distracted one, the one I found that was the one that was linked from wiki.
OK, nice. We're all over that one. I know. Anyway, I want to read this car for run, jump, stomp.
And we really need to get into our kickoff topic. It wasn't supposed to be about this 10 year old game.
But run, jump, stomp says, you know what I hate about game blogs is that they never, ever give sources.
Instead, they link to other stories about the same topic. Oh, T right there.
That is one of the biggest issues with like the gaming blogs and everything is that, you know, it's just like one thing trickles down from one site to another.
Now, look, before you all drag me, expose me. I realize here at L.R., we're reading stuff that's from game blogs.
But I would like to think we're not a news reporting show. I'm not here to report the news. I'm here to talk about it.
There's a big difference. So but in the world of like reporting, I think what run, jump, stomp is saying is absolutely right.
You know, is that it's just a lot of like copy pasting from other sites, but which makes it really hard to fact check.
But I mean, is celebrity news any different? Not really. Is again, it makes it really hard to fact check.
And is the regular news any better? I mean, when Reddit identifies a gunman incorrectly.
I bet you a lot of news sources have already run with that. Now, you know, say what you will about the phrase fake news and all of that.
But I mean, they're in this day and age. There's a lot of like we have to take some of what we read out there with a grain of salt because there's a lot of slanted stuff out there, too.
Not just that. People will post news from like five years ago. Oh, that's the other big thing. Yes. Oh, my gosh. Is the old news.
And I even get caught every so often because it'll like have a posting date and then have a posted from underneath it.
So the article itself will have been a repost of an article from like a year ago. And I'm like, what the fuck? Don't do that.
It's hard. And we've fallen only once or twice. But it's happening on our we read a story that we realized, wait a minute, this is this is something that was talked about like a year ago.
What was I gonna say? Oh, like just in the past two weeks, I saw on Facebook somebody was like, OMG, I can't believe it. Rest in peace, Gene Wilder. I can't believe he passed away.
I'm like, yeah, he died like years ago. Like, sorry to say sorry to make bad news even worse.
It's like even with the the Epstein thing. I had to go dig to find like coroner listed this.
I'm like, I still have my suspicions about all that, but we won't go into that big pile of shit.
We all get I mean, when it comes to like, let's say video game news, let's go back on top of the video game news. We all get fooled once in a while.
Like it's it's it's me because I'm perfect. Girl, I got receipts on you.
Let's go back to a previous or episode, dark to see a roll tape. All right.
Anyway, you do. And I will find you. All right.
Moving on. Let's get into the actual kickoff topic I want to get into tonight, which is about Nintendo and music on YouTube.
YouTube channels are getting copyright claim strikes from Nintendo because what they're doing is they're posting in-game music.
One channel that is happening is Gilva Sunner.
I hope I'm saying that right. Who launched their YouTube channel back in 2010 has over eight hundred and sixty two million views.
And what they do, they upload official game soundtracks.
And so Nintendo basically shut them down because, I mean, essentially the music is kind of copyright.
Right. Right. So, I mean, for the most part, we can sit here and say, well, I mean, Nintendo, they're kind of there.
They're in their right. They're taking their ball and going home. But you can't say they don't have a legal leg to stand on.
Right. But some folks feel this is a little more tricky, like the situation has some more, I guess, sides to it.
Ramification. I guess so. I don't know. Anyway, here's the thing. Nintendo has no official alternative.
So like if somebody wants to listen to a soundtrack, you can't just log on a Spotify or iTunes and listen to all Nintendo music.
Like, you know, some obviously bits and pieces here and there are on streaming, especially third party companies.
But Nintendo does not have their own official solution outside of maybe in-game and Smash Brothers.
There are so many songs, but we know a lot is missing. It doesn't have everything.
So this is why people go to YouTube because they can't really get it anywhere else.
Funny enough, this kind of ties into what we were talking about at the beginning of the show. Right.
With President Cat is that when people can't get a copy of that easy and they want to play something, they just pirate it.
Right. I was going to say that that's probably what we're going to have to do with the soundtracks.
And so if we can't listen to them on there, we can't find a way to buy them. Right. Piracy it is.
I remember back in the day when I wanted to listen to a soundtrack for a game and I couldn't import it.
If it was on PlayStation, I had a music ripper. All those busting.
The early bad quality MP3 is a bust to move that are out there were me. I'm not joking.
So I've done this with DDR because remember when Oren now we got to go way back when y'all put on your put on your hats and let's go time traveling.
So way back in the early days of OLR, I'm talking 2004.
So because we were set up to do a radio show on live 365 from our computer and we had a nice at the time sound card allowing us to do show do so, which by the way, still in this computer to this day.
We switched our video broadcasting to the Mac Mini, but the computer I used to do some of my own research and stuff, the PC here still has that Sound Blaster card from 2002 in this computer to this day.
But my point is, because I could plug in a source and using what you hear rip stuff from games basically, the way I got MP3s to play on Orange Launch Radio, the station on live 365 and how we were able to get new music from like DDR Max USA and get things like Dark Black Forest and things that weren't actually on a CD at that point or very easily obtainable and you couldn't get the DDR at it.
I ripped them from the games and did that and was able to have them on the station. And like, I didn't really put them on the internet for mass consumption because I wasn't trying to lend to piracy, but you know how it goes.
Then some of my friends who are mods on DDR Freak, Dark Soccer, others might be like, Hey, can I get a copy of those songs? Sure, of course, I'll give them to you. And then they pass it. So even though we weren't putting them up on Napster, I'm sure they made their way around somehow.
For the record, I only ever shared copies with actually come to think of it.
Actually, a lot of people.
No, no, I think it was only with Jessica when DDR Freak Radio was coming out.
It's fine. It's fine. Like, I don't even like who cares at this point, right? The whole thing was free promo for Konami anyway, right? Like, we weren't even playing the full songs. We were playing the edits. Who cares at this point, right? But like, it's just funny how like, yeah, I've been I was ripping stuff from games too, because I had the computer to do it. Thanks to the live 65 and all that stuff. Oh, I remember. I remember when like, Shane would ask me like, there would be this artist that had songs on his MySpace page that you couldn't actually buy. He'd be like, Can you rip that song from MySpace for me? Sure.
Right through the thing. Rip them that way. So yeah. All right. Anyway, fifth dream today says you're the reason PT never got made into Silent Hills. No, no, that isn't that isn't true whatsoever. Five year anniversary of that, by the way. Oh, yeah, that's all that posted on one of the sites. Yeah, toast to that. Anyway.
Anyway, where were we? Nintendo copyright music. So there were other YouTube channels getting shut down as well. Brawl Burst mystery. I don't know how to say this guy's name got shut down as well. The Pokemon company did some notices to Pokemon re orchestrated. So could it be that Nintendo is doing this in preparation of launching their own music service on
or unloading their CDs on Spotify and iTunes like Namco and Square Enix have done recently? I'm hopeful that they are but I think it's just them being dicks as usual. Because they have the right to do it. It's fine. Yeah, I mean, they're within their rights. You know, like, it's it's hard to say, Oh, they're complete assholes for doing it. But it is just one of those things that well, why now? You know, a lot of it does end up being promo for the game. I'm actually curious. I want to ask this too, because very rarely do I find that I've listened to them.
I've listened to soundtracks on YouTube. But I bet like how many of you guys listen to Nintendo songs on YouTube? So dark soccer is raising your hand. Do you do you listen to Nintendo stuff on YouTube? Sometimes? I'll just play stuff in the background. I mean, not just Nintendo stuff, of course, but like, when you get to the classic game of the week, this. Sure. This time, you'll know one of the things I was listening to on repeat. Okay, that's that's fair.
Guys, you don't chat says Twitch is going to have a radio channel radio Nintendo. Now, obviously, that's not fact just forecasting. But who knows Nintendo could do. I would love it if Nintendo made it a part of Nintendo switch online to have like a virtual jukebox. That would be awesome. I just think that sounds like too much effort for Nintendo's online stuff that like I just I'm not even if I just want a list of Nintendo soundtracks. I should just buy Smash Brothers because true.
Yeah, true. SSU 100. Matt says or tinfoil hat into Oh, says same thing. Nintendo is going to do its own streaming music service on Nintendo online. I wish I wish that was the case. But I just don't have faith that Nintendo is going to take that kind of effort. And it's a bummer because I would love it. Can you imagine imagine like if you could set that up with Nintendo online, and you could download like 30 tracks to your switch to take with you, or like have a random assortment or something like Nintendo's got a legendary library.
With my switch, I would love it. Oh, you wouldn't do that with your friends. I don't take my switch anywhere. I would. I'm not gonna take my switch anywhere until Animal Crossing comes out. And even then I kind of chatted with Dan about getting the other switch. Now metal mayhem and chat says to be honest, I'd buy Nintendo music via iTunes if it was sold there. Same I would love it if it went to Apple Music and Spotify and whatever, whatever other streaming things I'm missing. But you know, the whole buffet of streaming services similar to what Namco Bandai and
Square Enix have recently done. Like it would be great if Nintendo is following in those footsteps. And that seems like the more practical option is that that long coming Nintendo Apple partnership is music. It's just there's there's songs on iTunes. But it would be great if they'd include Spotify and all the other stuff as well. But I suppose anything's possible. So
Miltonious Games in our chat says Nintendo will get to cassettes soon with their tech. Oh yeah, baby. Eight tracks. Super Mario Brothers, eight tracks.
I'm still waiting for DAT. You know, like, you know, I know, I know, I know. Mini disc.
S2100 Matt says Nintendo is like Disney, they only want to offer stuff on their own platform. Okay, well, hey, if Nintendo does that type of innovation and adds that for Nintendo Switch Online, that would be great. I would love that honestly. That would be great.
Act F says if I recall correctly, there are Pokemon soundtracks on iTunes for sale. I believe you are correct. But that is also because Pokemon is from the Pokemon company and is not technically a Nintendo first party game. So that's why it's treated a little bit differently. So
Nifty 805 says does the new Switch model support Bluetooth headphones? I don't believe so. So Rum Jump Stomp says but they have their own platform on our phones already. The Nintendo Switch Online app. It's perfect and would finally make the app useful. Oh, that's a really good call out.
They can't make anything useful though. Yeah, I know. Again, I totally I completely understand and love the criticism that Nintendo is not going to do that. They don't they don't know how to do it. They've never done anything like that before.
It's not that they don't know how to do it. It doesn't fit into what they think it should be. I guess. Nintendo does things the way that they think it should be. Yeah. Not the way that things are, or the way that things have always been done, but the way they think it should be done. And they want everyone to follow suit.
So I think it should be done how Rum Jump Stomp says it because that's a great call out is that that phone app is kind of trash. Like there's no reason to have it really unless maybe you need the Splatoon 2 stuff for the in game to see the the gear and stuff but otherwise, that app is pretty trash and people aren't using it they're using Discord or Skype or some other way to talk to your friends.
So like if they were to make that app suddenly also their own little mini Spotify, Apple Music etc type of thing that would have access to Nintendo's library music. Okay, I'm into that. And then that also that also kind of dark soccer you wouldn't have to have your switch, you'd have your phone, and you can access the library there. That would be rad. I didn't even know that app existed because I don't play Splatoon.
Well, careful, careful because if I have an Animal Crossing thing, they will then I'll use it if they get an Animal Crossing thing. But I don't have any reason to use it. I couldn't get into Splatoon. It makes me motion sick. So I don't play it.
Yeah, but there'll be other stuff. We think that they'll you put that put on that app with the YouTube and Nintendo thing. I was gonna say quickly, the channel that I do listen to not that I want Nintendo to shut this down. I really don't. I like the guy that takes the 8-bit music and reprocesses it in stereo. And I don't remember his name we guy 8-bit stereo, something like that. I don't remember the guy's channel. But it's something like that. And I, I will go listen to like the guardian legend soundtrack on that channel. And some of those things because I like
what I like how he redid those 8-bit songs in stereo. They sound really good. So that's, that's good. Do you ever listen to video game music on YouTube? Loki?
No, not really. I mean, I think last time I listened to something that was sort of video game related, I was listening to the oral nuts talk about they were doing a commentary about the Mortal Kombat soundtrack. You remember remember like the cheesy techno one that they had like
like not the movie, not the movie, but like the game where they had like each. I remember that. I do too. I remember that. It had like the pre Utah Saints one that they redid for.
Yes. Wasn't it like a free if you ordered for Mortal Monday or something? I don't. I think it was. I don't remember. But they did. They talked about all the different songs on there and like see that's like a total throwback to me because we used to play Cuzar that all the time and the songs are so goddamn cheesy.
But it was great.
We would also play Cuzar to that and Psychosonic.
Okay, if you used to play to the Mortal Kombat soundtrack, then you're going to know this one because can we take a minute to talk about Tracy Lord's music career? Can we can we just have a minute to talk about that?
Okay. To this to this day, I have my 90s dancey pop list that has Outlaw Lover on it and Control.
Control was the song in the Mortal Kombat set. That song is a fucking bop. Like I'll fight you on it. Like Tracy Lord's control.
The dance was a very good live. What's that? Dance that she wasn't very good live. You saw her with Moby and she actually was a live performer.
See, here's the thing. If you didn't know about Tracy Lord's, here's the thing. She was like big back in the day because I think she did it was underage porn. She was 17, 16.
So obviously that is all kind of like, you know, right. But here's because she turned that around into making a career for herself out of that, which so many people were trying to shame when she was a victim, not a, you know, perpetuator. Does that make sense?
Yeah. So, yeah, like, then she was also in a bunch of just movies after that then. Right, right. She did. She was in all the John Waters movies after that.
She was a, she was a juror in a serial mom and she was, yeah, she was in all the John Waters movies at some point. And she had that show on NBC for a while. The protagonist, what was that show called?
I'd have to look it up. She was on a TV show on NBC that was on for a long time and then she had her awesome techno career. So there was that. Thank you.
All right. Oh, yes. Tangent time speaking of Mortal Kombat. So it's old is new again, right? All the 90s stuff is coming back. I was at Target yesterday and saw the 90s game like, because that's where we're at. Yeah, that's where we're at now.
You know what I saw? The Trapper Keeper game.
Oh, God. But anyway,
I was listening to actually because on the way to play laser tag again today, we were listening to like, I was making my kids listen to music that I used to listen to when we'd go play laser tag and one of the artists was Scooter did like, you know, the song Fire, which was featured in Dancing Stage, Disney grave.
That artist is so terrible. I don't know why I love that, but like he takes like a decent techno song or hardcore song and then just like sings over it with the most ridiculous lyrics that make no fucking sense whatsoever.
He has a song called How Much is the Fish? I mean, like none of it makes any fucking sense whatsoever. You actually listen to the lyrics. Wait a second.
What the fuck is this shit? Maybe it's a dare to see if people actually listen to the lyrics. I think it's because he tends to play to like large, you know, rave type audiences and stuff like that, where probably everybody's inebriated anyways.
And so it's like, oh yeah, fuck. Awesome. You know, he's yelling shit. Yeah, let's get into it. But like, I don't know. It's just, it's really weird. Like, I just like, wow. Why did I, I mean, Fire's good, but like the rest of this music, eh, I don't know.
Okay. Tracy Lord's important. The show she was on was called Profiler. That was the show she was on on NBC. She was on the second season. I thought, I thought it was her show, but she was just on the second season, but she also apparently was on Melrose Place at some point.
So there you go. Tracy Lord's. The more you know. For the record, one of the folks, because I mentioned Psychosonic earlier, their music was in a SNES game only in the United States.
And it like had the best stuff on there too. It had that, the whole album, Psychosonic, was just great. But one of their, Paul Sebastian from the group went on to become the audio director for Epic Games and did the soundtracks for Gears, produced the soundtracks for Gears of War.
Oh, that's awesome.
Yeah, he was their vocalist.
Okay. Um, so I brought up the nineties with good reason. We got on a tangent. What else happens here at OLR? Because there's updates on the Mortal Kombat movie, the whole Mortal Kombat movie, which better have that song in the soundtrack.
If I don't hear the Utah Saints Mortal Kombat song in the new movie, like throw it in the trash, throw it in the trash. It is not a real Mortal Kombat. I rebuke it in the name of the Lord.
It is a trash film if it does not have the Mortal Kombat song in it. And I think we all owe it to ourselves to protest the movie if the Mortal Kombat-
It'll be dubstep. They'll do a dubstep version.
Anyway.
Is Utah Saints even still around?
Bring them back. Everybody reunites now. Come on. Everybody's going on their reunion tours. Bring them back. Anyway.
What I meant to say was that the Mortal Kombat movie has cast some more characters. So it's Roland now. They've cast people. So Ludi Lin, I hope I said that name right, from the movie Aquaman and Power Rangers is playing Liu Kang.
Cissy Stringer is playing Mileena. Mashad Brooks from Supergirl and True Blood is playing Jax. And Tadonobu Asano, I'm sorry if I butchered that name, is from Thor Ragnarok.
And Mongold, The Rise of Genghis Khan is negotiating to play Raiden. So there's movement happening on the Mortal Kombat movie. It's happening.
I still want Ronda Rousey for Sonya.
I actually like her in the game.
She's a choice.
I actually like her voice acting.
Usually the voice actors don't end up crossing over into the actual movie.
But she looks like she could do it.
That so rarely happens.
She has the look. She could do the character.
Yeah. Anyway.
Alright.
Dark Tetsuya says, Oh, I'm sure there'll be an updated remix of it. There better be. I don't want it if they're not going to do it. Just take the movie out back and yeah.
Metal Mayhem says, Christopher Lambert made for a good Raiden.
No, he didn't.
I liked him.
He's blind as a fucking bat. He shouldn't have been in acting.
That movie had to have.
Since Highlander.
Okay. That movie had to have some star power in it, though, for people to want to see it.
And because he was Highlander, like, they had to have somebody.
So, like, I'm glad I'm glad he did it.
But he didn't come back for the sequel, right?
Not to my memory.
Anyway.
That sequel is like an hour and a half of my life I wish I could have back.
Well, Bobby Black Wolf in chat says, Mortal Kombat was the true sequel to Highlander.
True.
Like, there's this whole fan theory online.
Yeah.
About how, like, Highlander became the Thunder God.
And like, it's a it's all.
That was the prize.
Well, then again, with all of the electrocution that happened.
And of course, the second Highlander movie was, I'm sorry, garbage.
I don't know. I saw Highlander three in the theater.
Which one was the one? They all had Sean Connery.
I was like, which one was Sean Connery?
To one extent.
But the first one was the big one with Sean Connery with a Scotsman playing a Spaniard.
Ramirez.
Right. Right.
I'm like, really? That's some weird casting.
Of course, they also had Montalban playing a Japanese man once.
OK.
With prosthetics.
All right.
Yeah.
Well, I love my Internet conspiracy theories.
So the Mortal Kombat being a sequel to Highlander, that's a good one.
What's your favorite Internet conspiracy theory?
Well, I mean, I like the one about all of the Pixar movies being in the same universe.
But I like.
Chats, what's your favorite Internet conspiracy theory?
There was another one, though, that was very recent.
And one of my friends even mentioned it now.
I can't remember.
I like it.
It's only mine is so easy.
Hands down. Go ahead.
I know it's totally debunked, but I like the one that I guess is a fan theory that, you know, Kevin McCallister from Home Alone became the jigsaw killer.
I like that. It's good. It's good.
Yeah. My favorite Internet conspiracy theories is so easy.
Nothing. Nothing compares to the Internet conspiracy theory that Avril Lavigne died like five years ago and she's been replaced with a clone.
That is by far my favorite Internet conspiracy theory.
It's so good.
Like movies or games.
Oh, no, I didn't I didn't say movies or games.
Come on. This is Orange Lounge Radio.
We talk about games on here.
We pigeonhole ourselves in one small category.
Give me a break.
The chat is no Google it.
It's it's so good.
Like the Avril Lavigne died and got replaced by like Karen or I don't know what her name is, but like because she's been gone for a while and then she came back.
So she'd been gone.
Yeah.
Wait, that's Kelly Carson.
All right. Anyway, Bobby Blackwell says favorite Internet conspiracy theory.
Australia doesn't actually exist.
And everyone that claims it does are actors.
That's getting into the Flat Earth society.
I do have a popular one right now, although it's a lot more serious is that I do.
I'm sort of going along with the theory about Epstein right now.
Yeah, that's that's too serious. Too soon.
It is.
But right now, that is kind of the one that I've had this minor obsession with because it makes I don't know.
It makes way too much sense with as much as he knew about people.
Guys, you don't chat making up one.
I made up my own Internet conspiracy theory that the Scott Pilgrim movie and Ready Player One are in the same universe.
All right. Anyway. All right.
Let's move on. This is getting ridiculous.
Sorry, guys. Let's get into our gaming weeks.
Let's bring it back to video games.
I guess if I can't talk about clones.
All right. I think I'm a clone.
How is your gaming week? What types of video games have you been playing this week?
Our soccer will start with you.
I reckon I had two weeks of gaming week because I went to see Weird Al.
Yeah, I forgot to ask you about the concert.
We just kind of hit the ground running with the show.
It was amazing.
Of course it was.
And he goes through this whole thing like I've never done this one song live.
I never had an opportunity to do the song justice because I needed an orchestra.
And he turns, I have an orchestra now.
So he did Harvey the Winter Hamster.
And I'm sad because I was going to record him doing Jurassic Park, which I knew he had to do Jurassic Park having an orchestra.
And he did it. It was great.
And I had accidentally hit stop.
I was very sad.
The orchestra actually opened up with the Raiders march from Indiana Jones.
And then they did Mission Impossible.
And then they did a Star Wars medley.
And it was really...
So they did like nerdy things to the crowd to get him hyped a little bit.
Like did he have an official opening act or was like the orchestra...
It was the orchestra.
Okay, okay.
So the orchestra just, they were amazing.
But it was just great.
I mean the one song that I never like when it gets done was Weasel Stomping Day.
I hate Weasel Stomping Day. It's like the one Weird Al song I super do not like.
But they did Weasel Stomping Day.
Because that high pitched squeal just ugh.
Did they ever do the theme the Spy Hard?
I've heard him do Spy Hard.
But they didn't do it.
Actually I'd take that back. They did do, I think he did do Spy Hard.
You've seen Weird Al a lot of times.
I've seen Weird Al a lot. So don't ask me what he did because I don't remember.
At least three times in recent memory that I can think of that you've missed this show to go see a Weird Al Yankovic show.
I have seen Weird Al, I think I'm just short of 20 times now.
Wow.
Like 18 times.
Because I've been to the fair like every year and seen him.
That time I've been, then we went to Fresno to see him and then I went to...
I mean I love Weird Al. Don't get me wrong. I love Weird Al. He's just so like cool.
We went last year. We went the year before.
Actually last year was anniversary 12. That was after DragCon. I went the year before that.
And then we had the meet and greets for our 10th anniversary.
So no I'm just actually trying to think about it now.
But yeah I've seen Al a lot.
More than any other, I'll put it this way. I've never seen any act twice except for Weird Al.
Even Margaret Cho? Because I was like, we went to see Margaret Cho 8 times.
Well I'm talking about Musician.
Okay Musician. Okay.
I've seen Margaret Cho live 3 times.
I've seen Margaret Cho live like 8 times. But anyway.
And I also got to see George Cartland before he died.
Oh wow.
It was terrible.
Alright games. Your gaming week.
So I played on my phone stuff. I have been playing a lot of The Sims 4.
I just purchased two more packs because they had them like half price the sale price.
And apparently Origin still thinks I'm paying for Origin access even though I cancelled it like 4 months ago.
So I got the discounts from that.
And so I am playing a lot of The Sims 4. Most of it is just like me remaking existing Sims.
Like I'm remaking the Goth family right now.
Because Bella has needed a touch up for some time.
Bella Ligothy?
No. Bella Goth. Bella Goth.
Anyway. And. I don't know. We're not really playing a whole lot of stuff that isn't pinball lately.
So yeah. Pinball in The Sims and my phone games.
Alright. We'll go over to Loki. How was your gaming week?
I didn't play a whole ton. I did play a little bit of Pokemon Go.
I actually did part of one of the raids the other day because I just happened to be eating dinner.
And it's like oh yeah sure I've got to compete in a raid for this one weekly challenge thing.
And so I did that and oh there's 8 other people in here. Okay sure we'll take down this 5 star thing.
And so we did. And I'm like I already have this but whatever it's fine.
Was it the shiny Succoon thing?
It wasn't shiny but it was just regular.
Well you had an attempt to get it shiny. You had to do a lot of raids to get it shiny though unless you have really good luck.
Yeah so it was that thing. And then I've just been playing a little bit because now that my gotchas charged.
Although I forgot to put it on today.
So I've been playing that. But mainly just working in Unity.
That's what I've been doing. I finally fixed. I had an issue where I was trying to keep my player on screen.
And so I was doing some weird conversion math.
And before it was kind of sticking to the, not the actual screen but like the camera viewport.
Which allowed me to go off screen which is not good.
So now I fixed that. And so now moving on to some level node system thing.
And so that's my one game.
And then the other thing I was working on was like a curriculum for that thing I was supposed to be teaching.
I'm not sure if I'm going to do kart racing or not. That may be too much.
I'm seeing. If I can get it simple enough then maybe I will. But I have to actually generate something.
Although I did see this other design that someone did. Like a game in 12 hours.
And it looked pretty fun. So I was like okay we can make something similar to that.
There may be a game jam in a couple weeks. Just saying.
Are you planning the curriculum for that class that you're going to do for the kids?
Yeah eventually. I don't know what I'm going to do for them though. But I'll figure it out.
It's something simple. I have to like figure out what they're as far as learning stuff.
Because a lot of them are just still doing JavaScript. Although they're getting a few of them into the like intermediate JavaScript stuff.
So it would basically, the problem is a lot of it's going to have to be, okay here's what Unity is like.
Here's what we do in Unity. Here's what the difference is between JavaScript and C Sharp.
You know it's like minor stuff. So a few classes have to be dedicated to that.
So it cuts down the time that you can do stuff really minimally.
So like I only have like maybe six hours to teach something or do something.
So it may be just really simple stuff. Which you know the one game thing that the guy did in 12 hours looked really simple.
So that would be kind of a thing to do. That'd be fun.
I just want something also that they can kind of make their own. So I have to figure out what that is too.
But yeah. So I'm working on that a little bit.
Okay. My gaming week then right?
So for the past 51 days I was playing this Survivor LARP that I was talking about on the show.
Dark Soccer, remember my Survivor LARP I was talking about?
So it's been keeping me away from video games.
Well I got to play some more games this week because that game finally ended on Monday.
Monday was the last day of the Survivor LARP.
And when we last left off I was in the final two. I won unanimously at the end of the game.
So out of 22 people out of 22 people I came in first. Like I can't even believe it myself.
And you won?
I won a blanket.
Really?
I don't have it yet. So the option was you get to get a blanket with either the season's logo.
Because this is you know it's a Facebook thing. This is the ninth season on Facebook.
So it's got like 550 people in the community or something. So it's a pretty decently followed game.
So you either can get a blanket with the season's logo or you can get your face on it.
Now you know damn well which blanket I'm getting.
Your face.
Absolutely. So I haven't been asked for my shipping address yet.
So I'm assuming they are currently in the process of printing my blanket.
But I'm hoping maybe by the time-ish that I get back from Dragon Con and all that.
It'll be here.
We'll have the blanket right here on the couch.
We should have had one a blanket made of the exact moment when Mr. Smoosh knocked down the camera.
Yes.
Wait. When was this?
Oh you missed it. It was the final six challenge.
So I talked about this on the last show so I don't repeat myself too much.
But basically my camera was on the ground because we had to swing.
So you had to put a water bottle in a sock.
And you had to swing it around a stack of cups.
And keep it going as long as possible.
The guy that won went for three and a half hours.
Jeez.
45 minutes into it. I'm going. I'm still going.
Somebody else was already out at this point.
But I'm still in it. And Mr. Smoosh comes in. Sees the phone on the ground.
Walks in. Walks up to the phone.
Knocks my phone over. And then knocks my cups over.
And like the host was dying laughing.
Like just-
I want to see the-
Do they have the highlight reel yet?
I'm waiting for- Is Jayden out there still listening to OLR?
Kilby? Somebody from the production still listening to OLR?
Because we need that video clip.
Like the listeners are demanding it. I'll chase them down.
Somebody has it. I know they do.
So I'll find it. It wasn't in the viewer's lounge.
Because I was expecting-
So there's actually people that watch the game and get to see everything behind the scenes.
And so I got to see all the people like commenting about my game.
And how basically I wasn't playing the game and letting Tyler play for me.
Like the first week and a half of the game was the consensus of the viewer's lounge.
But it's fine.
I actually- I did have a really rough first week in the game and I couldn't play it all the time.
But anyway, yeah. I don't want to spend too much time on that.
But it ended and I did win.
I met some really great people playing it though.
The nice thing is like despite the fact that we played a very intense psychological type of game against each other.
Like everybody- I've had to learn how to use Snapchat.
Because that's what all the kids use to talk to each other these days.
But it blows up like all day long.
Still people from that game just talking to each other, sharing about their days and all that good stuff.
And some of them do video streaming as well.
So Twitch streaming like Nick.
So shout out to Nick if you're out there that's getting into Twitch streaming.
And DK told me today he wants to do some streaming.
He wants to do sports games because there's not a lot of gay guys that stream sports games.
So he wants to kind of do that.
I was like alright you should. Yeah do that.
So shout out- we'll give these channels proper shout outs and hosts or something when they're actually playing.
Is he going to call it guy on sports?
I don't know what he's going to call it. I have no idea.
You know like in living color.
Guys on sports.
Kaijuto in chat says how did you pull off a unanimous vote? Who were you up against?
I thought it was men on sports.
Oh it wasn't men on sports? I don't know it's been so long.
I was up against a guy who lives in Montreal and I knew-
So inactdeft actually watched it live because I tweeted out the link.
It was broadcast live the finale and he put a gif.
He was like this is like watching a telenovela right now.
Like all this drama that's manufactured going on.
Well here's the thing. I knew that Felix who was the final- I kind of knew that he had burned bridges with a lot of people.
I didn't know how bad it was in some circumstances.
But I actually- let the record show I like the guy a lot.
Like our interactions are always really good but I knew that the jury was not going to give him a lot of votes.
So yeah I took him to the end.
Because I did get some criticism for not taking the other girl.
I voted her out at final three. Amber who's great. She's a goddess. She's a queen. Let the record show.
I stan Amber forever.
But I knew she- I thought she'd have jury votes.
They're telling me in retrospect that I still would have won against Amber but I didn't believe it.
Whereas like I knew I would win against Felix so I took him.
So anyway survivor fun right? So yeah that's that was that was it. It was cool.
And that is why I don't play these things.
I know you are basically volunteering yourself for intense psychological trauma.
But at the same time it's like like for me for 50 days it was what I did instead of playing World of Warcraft or Final Fantasy 14 right?
It was my MMO that I was playing for a little bit.
And like the fact that I did do some things in these intense situations that I never thought I would do.
Like winning that final immunity challenge I showed you guys last week with the solo cup that you have to hold in the cat's cradle for as long as possible.
Like I never thought I'd be able to do like some of those things and beat kids that are half my age.
You know some of this so like overcoming a lot of that was like made me feel really good so I'm glad I did it.
I volunteered to help with the next season like I'm not going to be able to spend as much time as I spent playing it.
But I offered to use like the green screen to do videos and stuff.
So we'll see if they have me I'll let you guys know like if anybody out there is interested.
I think it would be fucking hilarious if some OLR people showed up in the next season.
I could already tell you what my first episode would be like.
I hate y'all bye.
Well the nice thing is the reason why I preferred playing it online as to playing it for real is that I didn't have to starve.
I was I was well fed the entire time that was the nice part of it so.
Yeah and Akdev says it was free and you got a blanket out of it. Yes that is very true.
It was very true. Nifty805 says it wasn't RuPaul's best friend race for him.
No it was funny because there were some people in the game I never got to talk to because they were voted out pre-jury and we never got to see each other emerge.
But I was talking to one of the girls who was great.
Shout out Karen if you're out there. I was talking to her and she said that they were all watching the final two.
And I guess I said at some point because they asked like why did you refill it so I'm like well you know guys I want to win.
And she said that was like everybody was like yes that's great.
So anyway all right enough survivor talk but I was just very happy about that.
So now that that's done I'm back to playing other video games and I have been playing Final Fantasy 14 more and I beat the Shadowbringers expansion this week.
So finally you can help me level when I join. Yeah happy to.
Finally beat that and so I'm just before OLR and Bobby tonight I was actually doing a live stream on my own channel.
Where I was showing off one of the new jobs Gunbreaker because I'm starting to level that.
As I'm yeah I'm leveling that because Shane wanted to do a healer and so tank healer is a great combination to get like instant dungeons.
So I was doing some of that on live stream before the Sunday night block tonight.
So I've been having fun playing Gunbreaker.
And now I can kind of do that because I'm not focusing on the story so I don't have to worry about streaming and doing story spoilers.
I'm done with that so that's that's really good but I loved I loved the story.
I really did it was so so good.
Let's see I've also been playing No Man's Sky.
No Man's Sky has its 2.0 version No Man's Sky Beyond just launched this week and I've been playing that on PlayStation 4.
And if you guys haven't played No Man's Sky since the first version and you own it and it's sitting in your library collecting dust.
You've really got to go back and see what they've changed.
It is not the same game.
I mean this game has transformed in the way that Diablo 3.
Did it get 14'd?
Ironically Final Fantasy 14.
Destiny I know went through some big changes too.
This game has transformed itself in much the same way and you really owe it to yourself to revisit it if you already owned it.
If you didn't already own it and you're sitting on the fence like do I buy it do I not?
It is on sale right now for 30 bucks at least the Steam version is and you know if you like sci-fi if you like exploration.
But I will say the game is a little more Minecraft in the fact that you might be sitting there going what's the point?
The point is exploration and building and crafting and those sorts of things that like Minecraft is kind of about.
It's like if that is not your kind of game and you don't think you get a lot of rewards from that.
I don't know if it would be a smart choice for you but like what I do love about No Man's Sky is in contrast to something like Minecraft.
Is that when you go out into space and you land on a planet you don't know what you're going to find next.
And I honestly like I love landing on a planet and like now in this new version like some of the monsters you come across are gigantic.
And you're like damn what the fuck is that?
Like you know and there's these moments that just really like take you away or like dang this this looks really good.
This is a great looking planet.
It's in VR now so I played it on PlayStation VR.
Gonna be honest didn't love it in VR.
I played with the controller because you kind of have to aim with the controller when you're playing in VR.
I did not have my move controllers charged so I couldn't use that.
Didn't love the way that felt.
I missed my old controls.
They tried to do some things to it to cut back the motion sickness where instead of moving smoothly you like throw yourself forward.
You can like choose this is where I want to go to and then it like ports you there to help with some of the motion sickness.
So you're not having like a continuous fluid movement.
However you can turn the fluid movement on if you want but I thought that was really.
Hell yes fluid movement.
Right and I like that too but I thought it was great they had the choice for when the fluid movement is too much.
I think they do that too in other games too like Skyrim I think.
Skyrim absolutely does that as well.
Yeah so I thought that was really cool that they offered that.
But I'm just gonna be honest like No Man's Sky is beautiful on my TV.
But they have to down sample it for the PlayStation VR because the PlayStation VR is a cup.
I do have a pro but it's still like you just notice it in the text and things like that.
I probably have to get it on PC and play it on my Rift.
I'm thinking on PC in the Rift or you know the VR that's there where it doesn't have to like cut back at all.
I bet it looks really freaking good.
And guys don't like you know don't.
It's still a great game.
It's still yeah I like I love the game.
I just personally didn't love it in VR.
But some of you are going to and that's great.
Or have you gotten your you haven't gotten your 4K TV yet.
No I still don't.
I bet it looked good in that.
That's on my list of things I want for the holidays but we'll see.
Bring your PlayStation over.
Yeah right.
Because I believe ours is a 4K TV.
Yeah.
So Miltonius Games says should I start over from the start.
That's what I did.
And honestly the nice thing about the 2.0 update.
They had already in a previous update made the questing and like they gave you more like things to do.
So instead you're not just lost like what the fuck do I do.
They really expanded that in 2.0 so that you have like a lot of like quests that really handhold you through the basic mechanics of the game.
I think it's worth starting over just to see that.
And like get taught how to build things like the mine processor thing that lets you turn like ferrite dust into the magnetized ferrite or whatever it is.
Like you learn how to build those things.
You learn how to build a base.
It walks you through building a Stargate portal so you can teleport back.
Like that wasn't in the questing previously.
Like you had to figure out how to build the Stargate portal.
But this questing walked you through that.
So I thought it was really good.
So I think it's fine to start over personally.
Questbuster says if you're starting over the base changes might not be as bad.
But for someone like me that spent time building massive bases it feels like a lot of work just to get them working again.
Yeah.
True.
I mean it's really about like what works best for you.
But I started over and I don't regret it.
Also I double dipped.
I got the game on PC.
I bought it on PC so I could play with Alan and so I can do mods like Alan does mods.
So I like the game well enough that now I've bought it twice.
Now before you all haze me for not liking VR in No Man's Sky I will say this.
The other game I played this week, so Wipeout HD Collection released on PlayStation Plus.
And I had the disc at some point but I think it's just like in a shelf or something.
So I just downloaded it to have it always on my PlayStation 4.
And then I remembered oh yeah Wipeout got VR support.
And that's like PlayStation's F-Zero basically right.
So I played Wipeout in VR.
That was fun.
That was really fun.
And they changed the HUD so it's like different in VR.
And they do things with the turning to try to make you not so like motion sicky.
But I don't mind like the fluid stuff.
And I thought it was such a rush.
Like I really liked playing Wipeout in VR.
So you know what it works for some games that are on the TV getting translated to VR like that one.
For some games it didn't work as well for me.
But I would play Wipeout in VR again.
Hell yeah that was a lot of fun.
So Pele Hanumea in chat says NPCs get out of their ships now.
Very cool.
Yeah they do.
And there's so many more people to talk to in the bases that are out in every universe has like a base.
I don't remember what they're called.
In space there's like a space base.
Like a star base or something.
The star base or something.
They are completely different than they were in the first version of the game.
So like in the first version of the game you couldn't even go on one side of it without an Atlas pass.
No they got rid of that.
And now it's like a questing hub.
You buy new plans there.
You can talk to people and learn new words.
It's great.
Yeah Bobby says space station they'll even teach you language.
Yeah the language stones are everywhere.
And you learn like 10 new words every time you go to a base.
It's great.
So yeah.
I probably have to get back into it again.
If you own No Man's Sky just fucking try it.
I think you'll be into it.
I'm checking Steam to see if I already have it.
You might.
Okay this game whatever it is has a great name.
Electronic Super Joy.
Oh I've heard of that one.
I just like the name.
Alright anyway.
So there you go.
That was my gaming week.
So housekeeping really fast.
I've been saying it for a few weeks now.
I'm going to say it one more time.
We will not be here for the next two weeks live.
We will have a podcast next week.
And we will have a prior taped episode next week.
We're going to be doing that show I think on Thursday.
We're going to tape it.
We actually aren't going to do it live because we want there to be something that you guys can see on Sunday.
We will be fielding questions via social media.
So if you have something you've always like wanted us to talk about on the show.
Keep an eye out on our Twitter channel at Twitter.com slash OLR.
I own it.
You own No Man's Sky?
You should check it out.
I think.
Oh you know the other big thing they changed dark soccer that you'd probably be into.
In the very first version of the game you had to play first person.
Nope.
Now the default is over the shoulder.
So.
Ha-le-lu.
Yeah.
So I think you'll be into it.
Give it a shot.
Does it work on Mac?
I don't know if it works on Mac.
No I'm double checking because it's like install now and I'm like.
That would be great if it does.
I don't know.
Let's see.
Anyway.
So yeah we will not be here live for the next two weeks.
Bobby Black Wolf will be here next week.
We will not be live but we will have a new episode for you guys.
That Bobby will push the play button on.
So that you guys can see that new episode after he's all done next week.
So be tuned for that.
And then of course our podcast folks will be able to hear that.
This is because I'm leaving town early for Dragon Con this year.
I'm flying out a week from yesterday so in just six days I'm going to be leaving.
And then Dragon Con is Labor Day weekend.
So as has been the case for the past seven years.
We won't be here Labor Day weekend because I will be away at Dragon Con.
And I'm sure Dark Sakura and Loki will find something else to do Labor Day weekend.
Be it laser tag all day every day.
Or whatever else goes on.
If there's anybody there because I literally the question I ask them.
Is this place ever busy?
They're like well it's because kids are back in school.
I'm like no I don't think that's the case.
It's Labor Day weekend which is almost always your anniversary right around that time.
I should see if I can actually get the day off at work.
Yeah you guys usually go off and do something for your anniversary so it kind of works out.
If you will be at Dragon Con in Atlanta on Labor Day weekend.
Check out our Discord server.
vognetwork.com slash Discord.
Where we will be posting updates even if you can't be there live.
We'll be posting updates.
I'm going to be on six different panels.
Bobby Blackwell is going to be on seven.
Some of the VoG personalities past and present are going to be there at the show.
We're going to have a great time.
I'm hoping we'll have some type of content on Twitch so stay tuned to social media.
But at the end of the day we will be hosting the Dragon Con digital media track all weekend long.
So there will be something to see.
So we're going to have a great time at Dragon Con.
I hope to see some of you guys there.
So we will be back live on September 8th.
So that is basically three weeks from tonight.
So anyway.
Miltonius Games says, going to my first big con this year, BlizzCon.
BlizzCon was a good time.
My first BlizzCon and my only BlizzCon to date was the year they announced Overwatch.
So you can imagine what a big deal that was.
And you know, I think BlizzCon is going to be good this year because of last year kind of flopping.
Like with the whole Diablo is a mobile thing that like they didn't have a great year last year, right?
I think Blizzard knows they've got to like blow our fucking minds this year and I think they will.
I think Diablo 4 is going to be teased this year and probably a second or Overwatch expansion type of thing.
But yeah, god, that's going to sneak up on us before too long too is BlizzCon.
Nifty805 says, shout out that Twitch channel we can catch your panels on.
Thank you Bobby for linking that.
DC Digital Media, that's DC for Dragon Con Digital Media.
And we'll be hosting it here at VOG Network the whole weekend.
So I mean, if you forget and you're just here at VOG Network, you'll get taken to the right place anyway.
Because we have a lot of friends and fam there that we enjoy working with very much.
Alright, now we can get into some more gaming news. Let's do it.
Loki, starting us off with the downer.
Alright.
Something I've been begging for on this show for years.
We've been asking for it and you know, never really had an ETA of when they were going to do it.
And now that ETA is never.
Because apparently the long promised Minecraft Super Duper Graphics Pack is never going to happen because of technical difficulties.
So they had posted, you know, hey, some of you might remember us announcing the Super Duper Graphics Pack during E3 2017.
Super Duper was an ambitious initiative that brought a new look to Minecraft.
But unfortunately, the pack proved too technically demanding to implement as planned.
But it was bullshit.
I don't, I don't understand. Okay.
Look, I understand I don't develop games and I don't realize all the horsey power these things take to run.
But you can get 4K in other games like No Man's Sky or what have you to work just fine.
But fucking Minecraft like gets killed under pressure.
I don't know. Is it because now now to be fair, is it because Minecraft has to draw and generate so far out that it's like basically building the world as you're exploring it.
That maybe it kind of was killing the game.
I don't I don't know. It's just so weird to me that they couldn't get it to work.
Like, why not?
But I don't know why.
Maybe it's just how it's engineered on consoles and stuff like that, because they have to have it work across, you know, all of the different platforms.
But if you watch your 4K and Ultra HD and high res ray tracing and shit like that, the Java version is for you because they already have the mods or just go to the modding community.
Exactly. Because they already have, you know, Sonic Ether has already put together his, you know, unbelievably awesome graphics back.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat, kind of kind of bringing light to what we were saying here by saying the code base underneath is pretty unoptimized.
They're modifying 10 plus year old code code.
The modding community doesn't need to pass QA or console certifications.
That's why they can mod in 4K. And I will give you that like them. Oh, my God. Hold on cat somewhere.
He shouldn't be. Well, honestly, that does make a super lot of sense just for that purpose.
I was thinking that maybe it even had to do with something the way that it worked with their servers or something.
I mean, why possibility? Why announce something, though, if you have no idea if it's going to work or not?
Like, I don't understand what the point of announcing like, oh, hey, we've got this brand new pack.
If they see like modders doing they're like, well, we think we can do that. Seems easy enough.
They must have had an idea that it would work. How how did we have screenshots and stuff like that and video of it?
I'm assuming they just recorded a very low frame rate and played back faster or something like that.
But I mean, everything works differently on a testing machine than it does in production.
So like I get it if it can't come out on all platforms, but maybe just Xbox one X and PlayStation 4 Pro or whatever the case may be.
I think that it would be a better sign that they were going to do it for one. They did it for all.
But I don't play universally on the systems like in like the same seated universes and whatnot.
It's it's well, a lot of the lighting is already kind of baked in there and the updates when they do update blocks and stuff.
And I don't know if this would change the way that they did it. I don't know.
I still wish that they had an option to be able to do that and have it a little bit nicer.
But it is disappointing that they make this big announcement and then say, oops, our bad.
We can't do it because I mean, try to suck less or like even like just the 4K textures.
Can we just get 4K textures without maybe the overhaul to the lighting?
Like, can we meet can we meet halfway on this?
So we're like, I kind of have a theory that if they might come back and say, here's our apology in a texture packs or we can't do it in Minecraft.
But here's my craft, too, with, you know, 4K textures and enhanced lighting.
And oh, my God, all the things that we couldn't do before.
Yeah, I was just here before I got distracted by Mr. Smoosh.
I was going to say that it's probably that like I think what Bobby's saying about the really old code.
You have to remember Minecraft was developed by one dude.
So I can in the beginning and so I can remember or I can I can kind of give him credit that like,
you know, the code base that they're having to modify is so old and having to run on all these different platforms that it probably just proved to be too difficult or basically.
That never stopped Bethesda, though.
Isn't that the truth? Isn't that the truth?
So but I could see that maybe they're going to end up doing like a Minecraft two or something like that, where it'll have all those bells and whistles.
And yeah, we'll see.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyway, moving on to games that we know are actually happening online.
Well, OK, a quick comment from Bobby, because I think this is a fair question to ask.
Yes, but aren't you happy that Microsoft decided to kill it rather than have it be out with all the Bethesda bugs?
Yes, I am fine with them killing it, but I don't know.
I don't know why showcase some update like that without like first seeing that you can get it to run correctly.
Like, I understand that development takes time, but like, why announce something like that so early if you can't actually get it to work?
I don't know.
Maybe with all the future updates that they did that it complicated things.
But it just seems like it's silly thing to, you know, promise without actually being able to know if you can fulfill that promise.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyway, moving on to other stories, let's talk about a brand new need for speed game.
So we had a little bit of a rumor last week leading into Gamescom that there was going to be a new need for speed game.
And as it turns out, yes, it's happening.
It's called Need for Speed Heat.
It's going to be out on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
It's being developed by Ghost Games.
And of course, there's a lot of little marketing going about it.
It's kind of got like a like an 80s neon.
What was that game?
Miami Hotline Miami kind of look to it kind of going on with it.
Vice City.
Yeah, that whole thing.
So anyway, Need for Speed Heat is being developed by Ghost Games, who has done some prior Need for Speed titles.
And that'll be good.
If you get a preorder in, you can get things like a brand new BMW i8 coupe in the game.
Not actually in real life.
Mercedes coupe, Chevrolet Corvette Grand Sport, some cosmetics and so forth.
I thought you said BMX for a moment, but you said BMW.
Yeah.
Unfortunately, you're not going to win any races.
Way hardcore for the 80s theme there.
Yeah.
Hey, it looks like they're bringing back BMX triple X as well.
Who knew? No, just kidding.
All right.
Yes.
Need for Speed Heat will be out on November 8th.
But since EA loves to put their games out early so the internet can tear them down.
EA Access and Origin Access will be able to play it on November 5th.
And I think EA needs to stop doing this stuff.
But maybe the game will be that.
But EA likes money too much so they don't have sensibilities.
Maybe the game will be that good.
Well, tell that to the sales figures for Mass Effect Andromeda.
Maybe the game will be that good that they won't have to worry about it.
Let's hope.
I like the Need for Speed franchise, so who knows?
Also, community manager for EA Ben Walk had a Q&A on the subreddit for Need for Speed to answer some questions.
And there are not going to be surprise mechanics, according to the Q&A.
In a chat here, coming into the reveal, one of the things we agreed we would detail is the monetization options.
No loot boxes, car packs, etc.
No scapegoat here.
We plan to have post-launch paid DLC in the form of car packs.
Later this year, we'll introduce a time safe pack, which will show all collectibles on the map.
So it sounds like they're kind of going that Forza Horizon route, which has some of that stuff.
But there is not going to be loot boxes.
At least not at the start.
They can do other things.
They can introduce a similar system that Fortnite has, where they do seasons with different DLC and make it so that it's timed exclusive type stuff.
There's ways.
Yeah.
So Darktosea in chat over at Twitch TV slash VOG Network says, yeah, they say no loot boxes or microtransactions, but that remains to be seen.
Hopefully they don't pull an Activision and shoehorn them in six months later, after all the reviews are all out.
And Renji221 adding to that, until the review is like the Crash Team Racing.
Yeah, that's shady, shady.
So hopefully we won't see that happen again.
All right.
Let's move on to Dark Sakura for our next story.
This is pretty happy.
Well, a Nintendo console is outselling everybody else.
Yep, it is the Switch.
It is outselling the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 4.
It has, of the 10 best selling games between July 7th and August 3rd, six of them were exclusive to the Switch.
And it actually is continuing to be the best selling console of the year, which is right now leading, well, over last year, especially since they have the new, cheaper version of the Switch coming out that's portable only.
But right now, since Microsoft and Sony both had a really slow year, Nintendo's really picked up with everything that's come out, you know, since I'd say like mid last year.
It's the best selling console of, you know, from July 7th to August 3rd, so I'll say July.
Their Switch Pro Controller outsold the PlayStation 4's controllers, even though the PlayStation 4 controller is still the best selling controller.
And then, of course, we have the new launch of September 20th. It's going to have the portable.
Just speaking really quick about those PlayStation 4 controllers, though, they announced some new colors this week.
There's a purple one that's so good looking. I want it so bad.
Is it sparkly and diamond-y?
No, it's like an electric, I think they call it electric purple, but they also are coming out with rose gold if you want one to match your iPhone.
My iPhone's not rose gold.
That's a thing you're into?
No, that's stupid. And then again, how many Wii controllers, not Wii, but GameCube controllers do I have?
So, but you know, we've also got, Fire Emblem Three Houses came out on July 26th. It was the second best selling game of the month.
Super Mario Maker 2 was the third spot of the month, and Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3, the Black Order, was considered the fourth best selling game after their launch.
So, in July 2019, just going in order for what was the best sellers, at 10 we have Breath of the Wild, at 9 we have Mario Kart 8.
8 was Mortal Kombat 11, which is Nintendo, but 7 is Super Smash Brothers Ultimate.
Moving back up for Nintendo, we have Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3 at number 4, Super Mario Maker 2 at number 3.
We have Fire Emblem, of course now the number one selling game was Madden NFL 20, because what the fuck ever.
People like their damn sports games.
So that was it. Nintendo's doing pretty good for themselves right now.
Yeah, but to be fair, I mean, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One are both kind of like, we know they're in their sunsetting phases.
Like, we know in a year we're going to have new, you know, PlayStation 5 and whatever Scorpio ends up being.
So, I mean Switch is still kind of a newer kid on the block. It's only a couple years old at this point.
So, it just kind of feels like maybe, like now is just the time that a lot of people are buying a Switch as well.
Because, you know, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, probably a lot of those are being sold second hand at this point.
And it's just, you know, it's just kind of on its way out. They're going to the ranch to retire.
No, I'm not taking the thunder out of it, but I think there is a sense of reality.
Well, I think it's more like the opposite. It's more like, I don't think this is a sign that like, oh no, Sony and Microsoft are in trouble.
No, this is just...
And a lot of people are holding off now too because they know that new systems are coming next year probably.
So, it's like...
The Switch is going to have all the hot stuff. The things that people are really the most excited about Nintendo doing.
We're going to have another Animal Crossing. Well, maybe that's me.
But, I'm in a lot of Animal Crossing communities, dammit.
You're not alone. You're not alone.
Yeah. But, I mean, there's just a whole lot that's on Nintendo's horizon right now that people are, you know, getting prepared for.
Gosh, like in just in the Animal Crossing community alone, they've been at least like a dozen posts that says, hey, I just bought a Switch because this is coming out and I want to play this and I want to play that.
So, you know, I was going to buy mine until I won one.
Well, and I think there's probably just a lot of those same people probably already bought a PlayStation 4 five years ago.
You know, those things have been out for a while. So, I think people are just kind of like, oh, in this lull, now's the time to get a Switch.
I think that's really all it is. I just don't think Nintendo's success is necessarily Sony or Microsoft's like, you know, anything necessarily bad news.
And probably next year, PlayStation 5 will be in a really good position compared to the Switch.
But, maybe not. I mean, because Nintendo's got a lot of inertia right now. They've got some fucking great games.
Maybe next holiday, here comes Breath of the Wild 2 to keep it really competitive with what's going on with, you know, Sony and Microsoft.
It could be a very interesting holiday next year. So, we'll see.
Act F says I got the name wrong. It's Project Scarlett, not Scorpio. Sorry, so many project names. I get them all mixed up. But, yes, thank you. It was Scarlett.
Does it want to do blood magic?
Let's see. Miltonius Games says Fire Emblem Three Houses is so good. I've only played one prior.
Yeah, I'm hearing a lot of love for the new Fire Emblem games. So, I don't usually get into the tactical games as much, so I kind of skipped it.
Yeah, I might tell the other ones.
Yeah, I mean, maybe when a sale happens. I don't know if I can get it right away.
I'm not a tactics fan at all, and I've played a bunch of tactics games. I'll put it this way, I don't even care for Final Fantasy tactics.
See, I sit here and I say, I don't really care for tactics games, but Final Fantasy tactics? Oh, fuck, I'm there. I am there. Like, easy.
It's like, one of the tactics games that I thought I was really going to enjoy was the Macross game that came out on PC Engine, and I couldn't get into it either.
So, even if I am a big fan of the characters in the series, I can't get into it.
Yeah. Alright, well, let's move on. Loki, what do you have next for us?
Alright, so this is exciting. So, there's lots of announcements coming from THQ Nordic because of, I think, their investment report that they had put out.
So, they had some updates on some games that we haven't really heard much about lately.
So, for example, they talked a little bit about Dead Island 2 and TimeSplitters.
So, Dead Island 2 is apparently being developed now by Dambuster Studios, who worked on Homefront The Revolution.
And also, apparently, that one of the creators of TimeSplitters will return to help work on that series as well.
They also announced, to my delight, that Volition is deep in development on a brand new Saints Row game.
I bet you are excited about that.
I am very excited about that.
I'm excited about that.
Please don't suck, but I will still buy it anyway, as long as it's not, like, the last fucking game that they released.
Angels of Mayhem?
Yes, I'm not buying that crap.
Wasn't Angels of Mayhem just another game they built on the old Saints Row engine?
It was supposed to be a new thing that they were going to release, and then they kept tying it in with Saints Row.
Then it sort of became part of, like, Saints Row's universe a little bit.
And it's like they kind of leaned too much on Saints Row instead of making it its own thing.
And it just wasn't very good.
And then, of course, along with that, they also announced some more acquisitions.
So, different companies they have purchased now.
So, they purchased a studio called Milestone SRL, which was formerly known as Graffiti.
And they're best known for, I guess, some different motocross and superbike games, as well as the WRC series.
And then, of course, along with Milestone, they had, let's see, Gunfire Games, who worked on the Darksider series.
And so, they have been, I guess, working on the Darksiders II remaster, as well as Darksiders III.
And then, finally, Goodbye Kansas Game Invest is an investment company that they have purchased as well.
And also looking to pick up some other studios, Palindrome Interactive, Fall Damage, Neon Giant, Cavallari, and Frame Bunker.
I'm not really sure who those are.
But, yeah, lots of different game studios.
All right, yeah. I was going to say, I think the one that did the motocross development.
Remember that one E3 we actually had time with THQ, well, they weren't THQ Nordic then, they were just Nordic Entertainment.
And they were showing us a motocross game.
Yeah, maybe MX.
Yeah, they have a big franchise.
So, I think if they weren't working with the studio before already on that, which they probably were, I forget who developed it.
It was a few years ago. So, I kind of forget who built that.
THQ, I think, worked with SBK, MotoGP, WRC. WRC was Nordic.
So, I mean, it logically makes sense because motocross is probably one of their constant sellers.
It's one of those yearly releases that probably sells well enough to keep doing the development.
All right, moving on to talking about something that's a little bit of a rumor, but there's some fact in it.
Because there has been an FCC filing for a brand new Super Nintendo controller that looks like it's designed for the Switch.
So, there's FCC filing that shows a Super Nintendo shaped controller.
It looks like it will actually slide into the Joy-Con slots on the side of the Switch unit, which the NES controllers do too, if I remember right.
You can actually pop those on the sides.
So, it looks almost certain that Super Nintendo games are inbound for Nintendo Switch Online pretty soon.
We are coming up on the year anniversary.
I remember Dark Tetsuya was pointing out that the August games are coming out later this month than they usually do to kind of maybe push the release schedule back into later in the month, which would tie right into...
I got a... Mr. Smoosh is on a destruction spree today, I swear to God.
I'll get him.
Okay, that's fine.
I'm just going to detract him for a minute.
So, where was I? Oh yes, I just got a reminder email that was like, reminder, your Nintendo Online subscription is about to renew in September of 2020, because I got that free...
The Twitch thing, yeah.
Yeah, I got that free year with the Twitch thing, but I imagine most people are expiring at the end of September, but if they hear that, oh, now I can get Super Nintendo games, they're probably going to stick with it.
I mean, it's alright, I guess, but like, I don't know, they could do so much more. It's just like the bare minimum that they're pushing out.
Don't get me wrong, I'd love to see them do more as well, but Super Nintendo games, it's going to get some attention.
And I'm worried with the Super Nintendo games coming out, does that mean that the NES games are going to start, they're going to pull that back?
Almost certainly. Almost certainly.
Well, okay, what first party Nintendo games are not out at this point on that service?
Aside from really terrible ones like Pinball and stuff like that?
Yeah, aside from their kind of stuff they keep shoveling out, like Wrecking Crew and Clu Clu Land and things like that from the original launch series.
Not much.
Yeah, not much. So I think Nintendo might be running into some problem with trying to get licensing agreements for third party games, especially when companies are just bundling the games and doing their own thing.
Like the Mega Man collection, or the Mana collection, or they're just repackaging them in different places.
So I think that's why Nintendo probably feels the need to do Super Nintendo now, which will keep them going for a little while.
Do you think we'll see Star Fox 2 on there as well?
Absolutely, why not? Why not? We'll see Star Fox 2 Earthbound I think will actually happen, why not?
We'll see things like, we're not going to see them all right away, but that's going to be their trajectory for the next year for Super Nintendo.
Yeah, we'll see.
Bobby Blackwolf says, you can't get Star Fox 2 any other way now, so it makes sense. Yeah, because the Super Nintendo classics are gone, right?
They're gone, they don't make them anymore, right?
S21 Hunter Matt putting his tinfoil hat on saying, they will announce Super Nintendo games coming to Nintendo Online.
At the same time, they will announce Geno as the last Smash DLC fighter, as well as Super Mario RPG coming to the service first.
There's a lot of fan hope in that, but that would be a great kind of, you know, synergy for promoting everything. That'd be great.
We'll see though. Don't set the expectations too high. That's the one problem.
D'Artezia points out Castlevania and Contra with those collections. So again, why didn't we get Castlevania II Simon's Quest on the NES Online service?
Because they wanted a good one?
Wow. No, we did get Castlevania I, you're right, but that was in the very beginning, right? And then I think Konami just kind of realized, oh, we could make people buy them and they would.
That's why you never got Castlevania II or III or any of the other stuff.
We should get Fester's Quest.
Fuck yeah, we should get Fester's Quest.
Fester's Quest is Blaster Master II. I mean...
Basically.
Basically. I know that game gets a lot of shit because that's a weird thing.
And there's a severe lack, there's a severe lack of the Guardian Legend in there as well.
This is so fucking true, but unfortunately the rights to that game are so complicated I don't expect Nintendo to be able to solve them.
But I would be so happy. I might actually cry if the Guardian Legend were to come out on the Nintendo Online service, but I just don't see it happening.
It just still broke my heart. They had to cancel that fan remake.
I know. Well, if somebody's shutting things down for rights, who knows?
That's why you make a fan remake, release it, then tell people about it, and it's too late.
Yeah. Alright.
Wasn't that kind of what happened with one of those Metroid ones?
Yeah, you're right. It was the M2R or whatever it was called. They shut that down and then it was like the next day was...
Not next day, but it was within a week or two was the... Oh, guess what's coming... Guess what the last big 3DS game's gonna be?
Oh wait, no, because Luigi's Mansion technically is... But one of the last big ones is gonna be the Metroid II remake, which turned out really good.
It was a nice little pleasant surprise.
Alright, let's move on. Dark Sakura, you have another Nintendo-related thing for us, right?
Well, Nintendo has put out a few tweets with some little bit of details, but they tweeted that for tomorrow for us, Monday, August 19, at 6 a.m. Pacific,
guess who won't be awake? Me!
are going to be doing a livestream for their Indie World video showcase with about 20 minutes of indie game information for the Switch.
So, I think that's gonna be pretty cool. I mean, I hope that it's not just the usual indie games that they give like maybe a publishing sort of thing too,
you know, to get, you know, new games out there other than just the successful, quote fingers, where are they? Successful games.
But it would be nice to see, you know, what they're gonna do.
Well, there's a rumor out there, so I'll just put it out there, and this is totally not what you're asking.
Fleetwood Mac.
This is not what you're asking for, Dark Sakura. It's the exact opposite, but the rumor, okay, is that, and I don't even remember where this was found,
but somebody was telling it to me, and I'm sure you guys have seen it out there on blogs and stuff, that Ori and the Blind Forest is going to have a surprise reveal as part of this for Nintendo Switch.
Yeah, I mean, it's a great game, but everybody's gonna be gagged because it's a Microsoft studio. It's one of their indie studios,
and it would be like, oh my god, Microsoft is putting games out on a Nintendo platform when they've done it before with Viva Pinata on the regular DS, right?
Yeah, the regular DS.
So, it wouldn't really be the first time, but okay.
The Halo Master Chief collection.
The only Halo game I would play if they did Halo Master Chef.
Well, you know, was she here when the new Cookie Momma game came out?
Oh yeah, the new Cookie Momma game came out this year.
And she does vegan cuisine.
Yeah, she will now do vegan cuisine.
Okay, PETA. Fucking PETA.
It's an option.
It's just an option. You can still have your meat filled dishes if you want.
Dark Sakura likes her Impossible Burger. Why? Because they still bleed.
They do. Actually, no, I'm gonna go ahead on record. The Beyond Burger and the Impossible Burger are both delicious, especially with cheese.
Because I'm ruining vegan food.
It's fine.
It actually is really delicious.
The fact that they exist has already ruined vegan food.
Good point. Dark Tetsuya says, well, they were saying the same thing about Cuphead, and that happened, so anything's possible. That's right. Cuphead was a Microsoft.
I picked up a Cuphead figure at Target.
Yeah, so why not? Why not Ori and the Blind Forest? It's a great game.
Yeah. The Switch would be better off with it. And it ends up being promo. See, what they do, they put Ori and the Blind Forest in to get all the Nintendo fans hyped.
And then, oh, did you like that game? Well, we have a sequel out right now, and even if you don't have an Xbox One, you can get it on Xbox Game Pass PC.
Wink wink.
Microsoft. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. They know what they're doing at Microsoft now.
Far better than they did five years ago.
This is Modern Warfare.
This is. This is Call of Microsoft Modern Warfare. This is what it is.
Well, no. I mean, like, even, like, in real life, Warfare is fought with negotiations behind the scenes and turning Group A against Group B and promoting Group C to do Group D's work.
Oh, turning people against each other? I just did that for 51 days. I know all about that.
All right. PixelPakas in chat says you missed the weirdest thing about that new Cookie Mama game. It's going to use blockchain technology.
What? Why?
You know why we missed it? Because nobody fucking cares. No, I agree it's weird, PixelPakas. That's not a read on you. You know that.
But it's like one of those, like, why? Where's that Jackie Chan meme? Like, why?
Ryan Reynolds went, but why?
For the record, before we get to the next segment, I do believe that y'all should try some of my delicious challah.
I will. Can we do it during the break so we stop derailing the show?
No. All right. You can eat it during my segment.
All right. Moving on. Let's get to. We're only two stories away from that classic game.
We are. All right. Loki.
All right. So Steam Workshop now is requiring that different content that is put through there must now go through an approval process.
So you can't just throw up user content now. It has to go through a process where they can approve or deny the submission.
I'm guessing because a lot of copyright material ends up going through there or maybe like scam stuff or who knows.
Or bullshit.
Apparently, though, there has been issues where CSGO stuff, for example, they've had several like things where actual content or user maps or whatever would be constantly pushed off the front page.
And they're replacing being replaced with like ads for free weapons skins or something like that.
So it's like people are putting content in there as advertisements for things.
And so it's just kind of like the content we put up there for Typing of the Dead. That's basically a big advertisement for O.L.R..
Well, that's different. That's that's like saying, you know, instead of putting actual content in there, it's like saying, hey, come listen to O.L.R..
You know, come go to this website and listen to instead of actually being any content, it's just garbage.
We actually put content on there because it was really easy to do.
And if you didn't know, if you're a newer listener of O.L.R., this is what for episode 700 or 600, one of those one of our big anniversary shows, we actually put a Typing of the Dead expansion pack with O.L.R. in jokes.
It's a real thing. It's on the Steam Workshop thing. If you go to the page Typing of the Dead, we're there.
We're in the top 10, too. I think I don't think there's a whole lot of that. I mean, it's pretty easy to put out a typing pack.
But yeah, we're because we had a bunch of people download it when it was first out. I think we're still there. So fun.
All right. By the way, did you know the the block chain and Cooking Mama? Bobby points out they're using the block chain to allow you to be able to resell the digital game.
That's it's DRM. That's why the block chain is there. And PixelPaka is following that up saying, but is Cooking Mama the game to do that with?
It's just a very random choice, it seems.
So is it only going to be a digital game? I don't understand what the point of that is.
Maybe on PC. Maybe we're talking about like Steam and that type of thing.
It is a little weird. If it's to open up a resale market on PC, I will raise an eyebrow with it.
And I can also understand that maybe they want to test it with something like Cooking Mama because exactly that reason.
It's not the game you would expect it with. And it's going to be a smaller test thing.
Kind of like when you release Harry Potter, Wizards Unite in New Zealand first.
Because of course there's a lot of people in New Zealand, but are there comparatively as many people in New Zealand as there are the rest of the world?
No, it's a nice little test market, right?
So that would be the same thing with like Cooking Mama versus, you know, a new Destiny game or something like that.
So I could sort of see that.
All right. Anyway, moving on to some rumors out there about the Switch.
And this, I don't know, it's weird because there's not a consistent answer with this.
So this has to do with the new Switch models that have the longer battery life.
So you know how like Nintendo Switch was replaced not that long ago with one that has a much longer battery life in it?
Yes.
Well, some people are kind of salty about that because they just bought one of the older Switch models with the old battery life and now they kind of got screwed.
But that's what happens with technology sometimes, right?
Yes, that's true.
So, but apparently what was happening is that some people were calling in to get their Nintendo Switch exchanged and it was working.
That Nintendo was willing to exchange Nintendo Switches that were bought after July 17th with a more efficient model.
So here's the thing though, a Nintendo spokesperson denied this.
They were talking in an interview with The Verge saying,
We do not have a Nintendo Switch exchange program. That's a quote.
But apparently some people were calling Nintendo and they were sending in their old console, getting a replacement as long as they were covering the shipping and insurance costs.
And they would get the revised battery life.
But you know, it was the battery life in those newer models like twice as long. That can really make the difference for some people, right?
So yeah. So interesting and it's interesting Nintendo doesn't have a clear answer on that.
It may have been one of those things that like customer service was giving some people just as like a nice thing.
But hmm, I don't know.
Pod Culture in chat says, Probably nothing official, but if you call to complain, they will.
I wonder if it's, yeah, more along those lines.
But now that it's hit the internet and all these people are talking about it, somebody high up at Nintendo has decided to put the stop on it.
This is how you don't get your $125 class action lawsuit settlement money.
I guess, I don't know.
So anyway, as 200 Matt says, this is probably a, your experience may vary situation.
True. True.
All right. Well, let's take a trip down memory lane back when you didn't have battery life on your console.
Why? Because they were all plugged into the wall.
It's the classic game of the week.
Dark soccer is going to step into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, Hey, you guys should check this game out.
And actually I think you picked a game this week.
A lot of people have checked out and love, and this is why people are going to love this pick tonight.
Because the damn music was stuck in my head.
All right. So here it is. Your classic game of the week is?
Marvel vs. Capcom 2, New Age of Heroes.
Because I'm going to take you for a fucking ride.
Just play a little bit.
I don't know if y'all can hear this.
It's the best version of Marvel vs. Capcom.
It's quiet, but they can hear it.
Yeah.
Especially fuck the new one.
The one before that was okay.
Yeah. I think that this one is the Dreamcast one because I love the Dreamcast and that's the version that I will play until I die.
But anyway, it is of course the sequel to Marvel vs. Capcom, which I've done before.
However, it is one of the best crossover fighting games that Capcom has done.
It has amazing characters in it, including a cactus wearing a sombrero.
Just saying.
And of course it has Strider here, which makes it awesome.
So anyway, the game came out...hold on, I've got the dates.
Well now, this says it came out in 2000.
We had...yeah.
So anyway, this game came out in 2000.
It has characters from both the Marvel universe and Capcom universes trying to save the universe and beat other people up.
It has the same tag team mechanics, a few different changes.
Now going to 3 on 3 gameplay, a character assist system, and an amplified control scheme.
And it still uses 2D animation and sprites, but the backgrounds are rendered in 3D.
So this is the first game in the franchise to use 2.5D graphics.
Anyway, I see that you're not eating Kala.
Anyway, Rob betraying me.
I forgot it was available. I'll have some now.
Eat it. Loki, you should have some too because it's amazing.
Anyway, the game was really well received.
It was really just a lot of fun.
I played a shit ton of it.
And man, I waited having to wait 10 years to get another game in the series after that.
So anyway, you have...
You have your different assists that you can use.
You have a variable assist that came from Marvel Super Heroes vs Street Fighter.
You can call one of your off-screen team members to give you an assist.
And each character has 3 different kinds of assists that you can pick with different Greek letters.
Which is Alpha, Beta, and...
Probably Gamma.
Gamma, yep. I had to think about it.
You also have your normal hyper combos, which are your very powerful attacks.
You have delayed hyper combos that allow you to do multiple hyper combos consecutively and variable combinations.
You can have the team's entire character roster for that team to use their hyper combos simultaneously.
You also have snapback, which forces your opponent to switch characters.
And it also has a modified version of the 6-button theme.
So you have a series of 4 attack buttons and 2 assist buttons,
instead of having your top row being different levels of punches and your bottom being different levels of kicks.
It had single player and multiplayer game modes.
There was of course arcade mode, where you had to beat Abyss who had different forms.
And it didn't have character specific endings.
Everyone gets the same ending in arcade mode.
And then versus mode of course is to play against each other.
Now in Marvel vs Capcom 2 in the arcade you had an experience system that allows you to unlock different hidden characters
after a certain number of experience points are earned.
And it was of course removed in the console version in favor of the secret factor,
where you could buy hidden character stage backgrounds,
color schemes that you would earn with points through normal play.
Xbox 360 and Playstation 3 versions had online multiplayer,
which had ranked matches, lobbies.
And the Japanese release of Marvel vs Capcom 2 for Dreamcast had online play through Capcom's matching service.
Although it was only limited between two different Dreamcast systems.
So it had a bunch of characters.
I am just going to read through this really quickly.
Although there were some original characters that were made for each side.
And a few different new characters or characters that hadn't been seen in games for a while.
Like for the original character we had Amingo who was the cactus and Ruby Heart the pirate who was awesome.
And we also had Son Son who was the granddaughter of the protagonist from the 1984 Capcom arcade game Son Son.
And so you start off with 24 characters and the remaining 32 characters get unlocked using your XP.
Although again in the 360 PlayStation 3 ports all characters are initially unlocked.
And this game had some of my favorite characters to use.
Of course it had Sakura in it who I would always use.
But I love to use for the Capcom side, I always of course like to use Strider Kiryu.
I love to use Jill. Jill is fun.
And Jean Saotome.
And then for the Capcom side I think that my favorites over there were using...
Okay I like Shumagrath because Shumagrath is just fun.
I loved using Psylocke.
And I also really liked using Marrow from time to time.
It was all about Servbot.
Servbot. Maybe. Maybe about Servbot. Yeah Servbot was great too.
Or I actually like using Hayato on the Capcom side.
Anyway, as far as its release, it was one of those Naomi games.
So it was released on Sega Naomi.
It was released on the Dreamcast in Japan March 30th 2000 in North America June 29th.
The European version came out July 16th and it was published by Virgin Interactive.
It had ports to PlayStation 2. Then we had the Xbox version and then PlayStation 2 version.
After that we had Xbox Live Arcade version and PSN.
And it actually became available on iOS April 25th June 2012.
Not terribly. Not seven years but still not terribly long ago.
But it's been of course delisted which makes me sad because it was actually pretty fun.
Anyway, it got really positive reviews.
A lot of websites and different review areas just absolutely just loved it.
On average, it scored above an 8 out of 10 from most places.
Although the Xbox version got a 3.9 from IGN.
I don't remember what was wrong with it.
Although people were complaining about the jazzy music. I thought the music was best.
The take you for a ride thing has been so iconic that they've reused it in other games.
I have to real quick start the video over because it's about to run out.
Because I didn't have enough b-roll tonight.
Actually, that's really about it.
It was just really really amazing because they're gonna take you for a ride.
And that particular theme has been reused in other games.
I did not realize Ruby Hart was an original.
But yeah, I remember playing her in the game and then I'm looking at it just now going,
she must be a Marvel character I'm not familiar with or something.
And no, I didn't really realize that until today that she was her original creation for that game.
I just assumed there was some pirate Marvel thing I didn't know about.
So how about that?
It's a good crossover.
My favorite crossover is Capcom SNK 2 specifically.
But I'm sure you'll cover that at a later time if you haven't already.
You probably did it at some point. Who knows?
I have no idea what I've done.
Yeah, I know. It's a long archive of games, that's for sure.
Holy shit it is.
Yeah, but Marvel vs. Capcom 2. Good pick.
Alright, some memories from our chat over twitch.tv slash vlog network.
SJ100Matt says, I remember going to Chinatown Fair to see the best MVC 2 fighters play.
And SJ100Matt also says, I have a few modded versions that would change the music.
Hey, DJ Ron Ma S, is it that place that I want you to take me to when I get to New York?
That was like the big awesome arcade that I watched the documentary on?
That had the dancing chicken?
Yes, it is.
See, I even know of that place.
By the way, I'm not going to have a lot of free time, but I think I confirmed for OLR.
Like, plane tickets are bought. I'm coming to New York.
And finally, after all this time, it's been like 10 years, I will be in New York.
It's whatever Indigenous Peoples Day weekend is in November.
It's like the second weekend of November. I think I fly in on like the 8th and I leave that Monday.
Oh, and by the way, you can't PM me, Ron Ma.
So, yes, I will be in New York.
Now, I'm going to be busy because we're going to see like two Broadway shows.
And they're very important.
We bought tickets to see Jagged Little Pill on Broadway because I am hashtag that bitch.
And you've seen Weird Al like 20 times. I've seen Alanis Morissette like eight.
So, I had to see the Broadway show.
But then for Alan, because it's his favorite movie of all time and he's seen it eight times,
we're also going to go see Moulin Rouge on Broadway, which I can't wait to see it as a stage show.
Like, I think it's going to be a phenomenal stage show.
The only thing that I want to see is Gone.
Oh, what's that?
Cats. Because I saw it the one time I was there.
You got the movie, though. The movie's coming.
Because of the movie, I'm sure the play will tour again.
It may not be back on Broadway, but it will probably tour again.
I would love for them to bring it back to the Winter Garden Theater so I can just go see it in the original location.
The Winter Garden was Mama Mia's home for years and years, too.
It was Rocky, too.
Was it really? Wow.
All right. Yes, I'm sorry. It's Veterans Day weekend.
Why did I say I was thinking October?
I don't know why I thought it was October.
Hello. Yes, it is November. It is Veterans Day weekend.
Thank you for the correction. How embarrassing.
I knew it was a three-day weekend of some sort.
So, anyway.
All right. Let's move on. Let's talk about some other gaming news.
Let's do some rapid fire news. Loki.
So this is pretty wholesome, but apparently fans and I guess the No Man's Sky subreddit,
they've raised money to put up a billboard outside of Hello Game Studios saying,
Thank you, Hello Game.
And it's from No Man's Sky the game subreddit and Explorers everywhere.
That's awfully nice.
Apparently, they also raised so much money that they have extra money to donate to a children's hospital for games and console donations.
Yeah. They've done something like this before.
I want to say like a year ago when they did their last big patch, the fans bought a billboard.
So I don't know if this is like, I mean, it's obviously it did happen again this week, so it's worth reporting.
But, you know, the fans have kind of done this before.
Hey, I will take this to the cyberbullying that they all got the week the game released.
Yeah. So this is this is far better, like good feels.
This is the type of stuff I'd rather be talking about as opposed to Twitter bullying campaigns.
So good job to the folks involved with this on Reddit and all that.
And speaking of games being remade or new sequels out of nowhere, especially with like Hooking Mama.
Now we have Bubble Bobble 4 coming out.
It's going to be exclusive to the Switch, Bubble Bobble 4 Friends.
And apparently it's got, you know, four player co-op and it's coming out the first quarter of 2020.
But it's interesting that I think it's in Europe right now that they have it releasing.
They don't, I guess later this year in Europe, November 19th, first quarter 2020 for the US.
If you want to purchase it earlier, you make a Europe account and purchase it that way.
Wow. That's that's weird that Europe's getting it first.
I mean, hooray for you guys, because usually you have to wait.
So I suppose it's our turn.
But for a big game like Bubble Bobble, that seems like a big gap between the Europe release and the US release.
And it looks interesting. They've even got looks like different like Space Invaders stuff in there, like kind of in the back of it, like little Taito stuff in there.
So little tie ins to other Taito stuff.
Yeah. So, you know, different levels, I guess that tie in with that.
But Taito's also Groove Coaster, right? So maybe some of that music, who knows?
Yeah, I could always be down for a remixed version of the Bubble Bobble theme.
Yeah, cool. All right. All right. I'm looking forward to that.
Anyway, moving on to Forza Motorsport 6. It's being delisted. It's kind of weird.
That's a big game to be delisted, but the title is going to be getting delisted.
I guess Forza games regularly get delisted.
Well, it's two years old. It's not two years old. It's the version before seven.
Yeah, it's I'm sure has to do with the licenses, the cars and things like that, because I want to say five and four were going went through some similar things, too.
But anyway, on September 15th, the game, the DLC are going to be gone from the Xbox Live Marketplace and you will no longer be able to buy it digitally.
But if you did already buy it or its DLC, you do still get to have access to it.
So, of course, now everything's got to go deep discount, got to go sale. Right.
Kind of similar to the DuckTales thing that we reported on last week.
So Turn 10 is offering the complete add ons collection pack for 95 percent off.
This was DLC that was one hundred dollars before five bucks.
Every single thing from Forza 6 over the lifetime.
I can't complain. That's on PC, right?
Yeah, I imagine it's a Microsoft. It's got to be.
So if you are Xbox Live Gold, guess what? You can get this with games of gold.
So you get it free of charge and all that good stuff.
And you can get the five dollar DLC pack and then you have like everything you could ever want with Forza Motorsport 6.
Not OK. And Bobby is clarifying six was not on PC, probably because that was before Microsoft started kind of making it easy.
But OK, thank you for the clarification.
This is not to be confused, of course, with Forza Horizon.
I think many of you know now there is a big difference between those two franchises.
Forza Horizon is meant to be the more racy, arcadey type of game.
Forza Motorsport is more of the simulation.
Think more like Gran Turismo versus like Mario Kart.
I don't know what else to compare Horizon to, but they are not the same type of game.
Gran Turismo to your need for speed.
Yeah, for for me, I'm not a big Forza Motorsport person, but I love the Horizon series.
And if this were Horizon being delisted, I probably would make sure I have like the jumbo pack for five bucks so that I have everything ever.
So there you go. But I'm sure some of you are going to jump on that just because it's your last chance.
And that's a heck of a sale. It really is.
Also being delisted, Grid 2.
That's right. Grid 2 has been removed from Steam and the rest of my story won't load.
So I don't know what else to say on that, but I think there isn't a lot else to say on that.
It's going through a similar thing and it probably, again, has to do with cars or music licenses and what these games tend to go through sometimes.
Yeah. And I actually think I have Grid 2, which is kind of cool. I got in, I think, a Humble Bundle or something like that.
I feel like Grid was another one of those games that was like a PlayStation or Xbox Plus thing.
Yeah. They had given it away back in March and apparently they're saying that they don't see why.
It was a Humble Bundle game. I remember getting it. You're right. You're right.
But it's not saying exactly why it's being delisted. I guess expiring licenses are basically the same thought.
Yeah. Apparently it'll be out in the next game. They have another game of the series called Grid that's coming out October 11th.
So it's a new game. Not to be confused with the original Grid. It is a new Grid.
Like, you know, the Xbox One of the Grid series, if you will.
Yes. You know, and even though we talk about these games being delisted, these were all games that existed on disc format too.
So you can get these games.
God, Grid was like an Xbox 360 game, I think.
Yeah, it was. And then, of course, Forza was a huge, Forza 6, when it first came out, was a huge Xbox One push.
So, you know, you can find these games on disc, so they're not going to be gone forever.
But, you know, for those of you that like to do your shopping digitally, these things happen.
All right. One more story for Rapid Fire. Rapid Fire's taking a while tonight, but there's a lot to say.
This is kind of interesting. Who remembers the Super Mario Brothers movie from 1993 with Bob Hoskins, rest in peace?
How can you forget it?
Yeah. Well, after all these years, apparently a deleted scene has resurfaced on the internet.
So if you want to see something you didn't get to see in the first movie, you can check that out now on YouTube.
Is the deleted scene a good movie?
It's a deleted scene, but it's Mario and Luigi answering the call for a job at the Riverfront Cafe where they encounter the Scapelli plumbers.
And that's, I have no idea what any of that means because I don't remember the movie.
I don't think I actually ever saw the movie. I don't think I ever saw the Super Mario Brothers movie.
I mean, can you blame me? I saw the wizard. That was the only Mario Brothers movie you needed to see.
I saw that in the drive-in. I brought a notepad to make sure that I took notes about everything about Super Mario Brothers 3.
I was little at the time.
I love it. No, you're a nerd. I love it. You're probably as old as your kids are now.
Yeah. That's awesome. I love it.
Cause I was super excited about, you know, they're going to be show because like, it's like the first time you get to see Super Mario Bros 3.
So like, you know, it's like worlds exclusive trailer thing.
And as they're saying in chat, it was a Nintendo direct, but on the movies theater screen, it was great.
Oh yeah. No, I made my dad take me to see that when I was like, I would have probably been like 12 or something.
I made my dad take me to see that. And he's, he used to kind of have to take me to see all the like kid movies that he probably didn't really want to see.
But he like, whatever. Yeah. There was one just take a nap. There was one too.
Like I remember we saw that it was a double feed because they always have double features with, um, drive-ins.
So it was like something in Batman or bat. I think it was like the original Batman movie or Batman returns or something like that.
And I had fallen asleep and woke up after the movie was over. I'm like, why didn't you wake me up for this movie?
Well, you said you didn't watch him. Like, I don't care. You wake me up for Batman. What the hell?
It's like, you know, I guess my mom told me, Oh, hey, look, it's the Batmobile. And I was asleep. I'm like, you shake and wake me up.
Especially Batman returns. Like I would have been so mad. Like, Oh my God. Like if somebody had let me sleep through Michelle Pfeiffer's performances, Catwoman, like that, that, that was like, that was gay culture.
That was my first exposure to gay culture was Michelle Pfeiffer's Catwoman. Wouldn't you say Dark Soccer, that Michelle Pfeiffer's Catwoman is like important, like gay culture that needs to be seen?
Julie Newmar's Catwoman is more important.
That's like old school. Like, but yes. And, or Eartha Kitt is an acceptable answer too. Anyway, uh, moving on, uh, Dark Soccer, what do you have for, uh, rapid fire news for us?
River City Girls. Um, the, uh, spin on the River City Ransom games, um, is only going to be local co-op and not online. They think that it's going to be more enjoyable for, for people to play with friends in person as opposed to paying, playing online.
They said that they could explore it for a follow-up, but not for this one. It's going to be in person with your friends in the room with you play only. I think that's good.
Um, and then it has been, uh, spoken about Power Stone. Their producer would love to make a new installment and thinks that the Switch is going to be the perfect home for it.
Yes, please.
Tesco was like, um, we're, we're taking a look at it. We're looking at what has lasting appeal and we still get a lot of questions about Power Stone pretty much. So, um, so he's thinking about doing another one if they get a chance.
And he in particular said it would be a particularly great fit for the Nintendo Switch, end quote. So we'll see.
Yes, please.
Double yes, please.
All right. Well, we're still going with our show here as one might say four or five still alive. Anyway, let's move on to some world release dates.
All right. So the best way to kick off this week is we have a game coming out called Rad and it's on a PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. So it's a rogue-like game, a nineties rogue-like game.
If it's not based on the eighties movie, I'm not interested.
No, it is not the BMX, the awesome BMX movie. Unfortunately it is a game by Double Fine though. So it's an isometric rogue-like.
Anyways, other stuff. So we also have Remnants from the Ashes on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. Roman Rumble in Las Vegas, Asterix and Oblix.
XXL2 on Nintendo Switch. Yu-Gi-Oh! Legacy of the Duelists Link Evolution on Nintendo Switch.
We have Life is Strange 2 Episode 4 on PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC. Oninaki on PC, Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4.
Tokyo Chronos on PlayStation 4. Ancestors the Humankind Odyssey on PC and Control on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Crystar on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. I'm sorry, that was on PC and PlayStation 4 on that one.
Bard's Tale 4 Director's Cut on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PC, Mac and Linux.
And finally, World of Warcraft Classic is finally coming out on PC and Mac.
Oh yeah, I've seen a lot of hype building up for that and everybody will play it for a week and then go, this is terrible and stop all this time waiting for that.
Anyway, we'll see though. Moving over to Japan and checking out some of the releases there. Oninaki comes out on the 22nd of August.
You can also get a game called Tokyo Chronos this week. Both of those releases on the PlayStation 4.
Over on the Nintendo Switch this week, Mary Skelter 2. I don't know what that is but it's an irregular and limited edition.
Arcade Love plus Pango comes out this week. Is that like the old ass Pango? Oh, it's like a collection of old school games and I'm guessing Pango is one of them.
A collection of four games including two mini games to test your skills and a shmup called Combat Zeal and Pango.
Oh, I thought it was based on the little 80's arcade game with the penguin. Oh no, it is in there.
It's just some new version of it. It looks like a four player version of Pango. What the hell is that? I kind of want to play that. That looks kind of cool.
I wonder if they'll release something like that here. Pango Championship Edition? I guess. I don't know.
Mary Skelter 2 is a Compile Heart title and it looks like good looking anime girls but in a scary game. It takes place in jail I think.
Possessed demon girls that are still super quiet. Alright, Dark Sakura. What about Europe?
In Europe we have, you know, it would be nice if I didn't have exactly lost everything I was looking at. On the 19th we have Yu-Gi-Oh! Legacy of the Duelists Link Evolution and Assassin's Creed Origins plus Odyssey on the 22nd. That's it.
Alright, then we'll move right on into the mailbag. Every week we invite you guys to email us. Participate at OrangeLawnTrader.com and we read our favorite emails here on the show.
Actually we pretty much, as long as they're not mean or spam, we pretty much read all the emails on here. Unless we get a week where we have like 10 emails which hasn't happened in years but I do know sometimes if we get too many emails in a week we have to not read some on air.
But I think we have one tonight? Question mark?
We have a couple. Just give me a quick moment.
Oh yeah, you're fine. Go into our chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
Dartatia said, okay for a second I thought Loki said Bart's Tale. Now I'm envisioning a Simpsons RPG.
Whatever happened to all like the Simpsons parody games? We used to have so many of them. Like they had their own Grand Theft Auto. Remember that? There was a Simpsons Grand Theft Auto game.
I remember Bart's Nightmare on the Super Nintendo. That was a strange game but I played a lot of that I remember.
So has there been a Simpsons video game in years?
No. Not since I think the arcade game. No, no, no. I take that back. They did have a Simpsons game that came out on Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 I think at one time.
Bobby Blackwell reminds me there's a mobile game too that tapped out or whatever. That's great bother.
We had a bunch of them. One of them was on the 11th on Sunday so I don't know if you read one about Danganronpa?
No go for it. But we got a bunch of emails from Robert M. pretty much.
So also as Metal Mayhem can tell you the original Danganronpa was on sale for $4. Took a chance on my old MacBook and it runs beautifully.
Played through the first three chapters over what had to be more than three hours but that's what it claims the playtime is.
I love Danganronpa. I know so many people that eat those games up. I have yet to spend time with them.
But yeah I know people love that series.
And then the three four stars I have are Nothing Remarkable, Tangela, Swalot, and Buneary.
And if you didn't get my addendum skip this sentence I did. Oh Danganronpa. Yeah same thing.
There's another one and it says the same thing. And then one from Rageinator and good it's short.
Hi all. Last second email. Since the subject of video game music was covered early in the show when talking about Nintendo having YouTube channels shut down.
I'd like to ask you this question. What is your favorite video game soundtrack that you have?
The limiting factor is that it has to be a legit version of the soundtrack. Be it on a retail CD, vinyl, or bought from a digital retailer like iTunes or Amazon.
But that's the way we buy music now Rageinator. I haven't bought a CD.
Ripped or pirated don't count. He says his favorite is the soundtrack to Final Fantasy Tactics.
For the record I have many legit originals including both Bust a Move, Bust a Move 2, I have some DDR soundtracks and we've got all this DDR soundtracks that we were given too.
Well then I'm just going to give my answer because it would be because we used to import that type of stuff and would pay money to get official DDR soundtracks.
So I would say Dance Dance Revolution probably. I don't think I ever actually had third mix but I had. Didn't they do a soundtrack for extra mix that was the solo.
Okay then that that one I bought because I had the sexy nurse on the cover right because it was the female announcer. That was my favorite the extra DDR extra mix.
I do have the was it three four disc set for initial D and which of course I think you and I listen to it on a Disneyland trip and one good midnight maximum tune.
Wangan that music is fucking dangerous to listen to when you're driving. I've been driving down I-5 probably with you listening to fucking Yuzoku Shira like fucking techno music.
And then like checking the speedometer. Oh shit I'm going a hundred miles an hour. We did that in my Lancer. We did that in my Lancer.
But I've got just a bunch of really legit video game music soundtracks. So now I've got Apple music so I can listen to whatever the fuck I want whenever the fuck I want.
And on top of that because except Nintendo music because they're not on there. I do have some legit of those two like the the link to the past soundtrack.
And I have a bunch of Capcom fighting game soundtracks. But because I also have iTunes match all of my stuff hits the cloud so I can just stream all of my CDs from home whenever I want.
But I'm going to go and say the best that my favorite one that I own legit would probably be Silent Hill 3.
Ooh good choice. Yeah. Loki. I don't think I own anything that's legit anymore. I think the last thing I had was like a fourth mix and a extreme soundtrack.
Yeah I think we're kind of cheating your question Rage Nator because it's we were all Dance Dance Revolution fans. That was the stuff we used to import and get on CD so I'm not surprised to hear our answers are coming from there.
I always like the mega mix stuff that they have in there with the slight remixes of things that ended up becoming like you know songs that were in Max 2 and stuff like that from nonstop mega mix.
You know I found the full version of my baby daddy. Oh yeah. No because we played that on the show. I went on a hunt looking for four full versions of some of these songs.
I was just thinking I might still have some old ass soundtracks because you know we used we used to know people wink wink and would get like stacks and stacks and we never really gave them all away.
I still have like I feel like I have like a stack of CDs still that are like they're probably rares get like V rares they're probably worth something to somebody to like you're just sitting on those.
Oh there's another email another part of the email. OK. As a closing aside Mortal Kombat the album from 1993 was released on CD and had Mortal Kombat Dragon logo on the cover.
It was done by the Immortals had a song for each of the combatants as well as Techno syndrome a.k.a. the Mortal Kombat song that was used in the first Mortal Kombat movie spell out first and second please.
The song later got remixed by the Utah Saints. The album also had hypnotic house which was basically an alternate version of Techno syndrome.
There you go. All right. And is there another one. Yeah. God. Wow. Hi Y Y R. Hello L.R.
On last week's show you speculate as to whether the disclosure of loot box odds will actually cause any significant change of behavior among game developers that utilize them.
Obviously that remains to be seen but my personal belief is that it may reduce the likelihood of odds manipulation.
For example let's say you can clearly see that the odds of pulling a five star hero are listed at 10 percent. You buy a draw you actually pull a five star hero.
Naturally you have to decide if you want to try for another one. How do you feel if following your successful draw the odds were now listed at 2 percent.
This would reveal the developer was using an algorithm that worked similarly to prize games in arcades.
I'm sure that you've seen games in arcades with high value prizes like game consoles expensive headphones or even large ticket jackpots.
All of those games have an operator setting that allows you to control how often the games are winnable.
Usually after one of these games is when it can't be won again until a certain number of people have lost.
This practice ensures that owners and operators can't lose money on their high value prizes.
It's just like Vegas. But it also means that the game isn't based entirely on skill.
If more people were aware of this you think they would play these games as often because the odds of loot box prizes are not currently public.
Developers are free to use tactics such as these. But once they have to publish their numbers I'd be willing to bet that some of these games will work a bit differently than they do now.
For this reason alone the fact that these numbers will now be published is a big win for everyone except possibly the greedy companies.
I'll end simply with this note. Dance Rush is amazing. It's very easy to learn understand and play. You should make a trip to round one and try it already.
Have fun. Aaron why why are you I'm overdue for a trip to round one but in a matter of months we're finally going to have one here.
So there is that if we get one of those I think it's next year now. Oh you keep pushing the back.
I was just at the Galleria not that long ago for something. It's at twenty twenty. Yeah. All right whatever.
But soon they opened a brand new round one not far from where Captain Spike used to live. It's in Hayward because I think J.D. just had a birthday and I think he went over there.
I think it was that one I could be wrong. I know he went to like around one for his birthday recently which happy belated if you're out there.
Is that it. Yeah that's it. That's it for emails. Let's move on. We have more news and then we're going to get to your calls if we have any tonight on discord.
But we still have a few stories to get through first. Loki. So speaking of loot boxes and all that fun stuff apex legends who's you know been pretty lax on the whole micro transaction stuff.
But now they have been going crazy with it. They have a brand new apex legends event that had basically in order to get this one virtual acts that was in the game.
You'd have to spend about one hundred and sixty dollars and then ten dollars to unlock this thirty five dollar virtual acts because you had to purchase all of the other things that are part of this iron crown collection in order to get the ravens bite which is an heirloom melee item or whatever.
So that's a bit ridiculous. I don't know if necessarily everyone would be willing to spend that kind of money to get that item but it is something that they had in there.
And of course people are kind of upset about the fact that oh it's one hundred seventy dollars for some fake game loot which is kind of ridiculous.
But apparently though this is being changed because of the outcry. So they're going to be mixing up the items that are in there so you do have an opportunity to get those other items instead.
So they're going to be actually circle or switching them out looks like every couple days from Tuesday Thursday and then Thursday Sunday Sunday Tuesday.
And so now instead of you know paying one hundred and seventy dollars you only have to pay eighteen hundred apex coins which if that's you know one to one as far as like that's I think that's eighteen dollars maybe.
I don't know. I'm just not interested to spend that kind of money for a weapon in the game but apparently they said that also future collection events will provide more ways to obtain items other than just buying apex packs.
Quest Buster in chat is saying the iron crown situation apex is just a mess especially after what happened in the sub Reddit.
It's interesting how you know the whole Reddit and that feedback stuff can really kind of have an effect on things but this almost sounds like EA fuckery in a way.
Oh God it has EA all over it.
We were kind of wondering like when is EA going to fuck up apex ledge up.
Here it is.
We can't get our money from need for speed heat.
So let's let's dial up the heat on those loot boxes in a bag.
It's playing apex.
No there's no such thing as a free game.
Quest Buster continuing his thoughts.
People were bringing up examples from Warframe which sells better cosmetics but at lower price points.
I love it when they start bringing out the receipts.
I mean technically they can charge whatever they want but you don't have to buy a damn thing.
I mean you don't you don't have to play a video game with your dollars.
Yep exactly.
And that's the one thing we always kind of forget.
You don't have to play a video game like jacking up the price of water at music festivals and things like that.
That's different because you have to have water.
So like you get into like a legal situation that but when it comes to like video games they can charge as much they want.
Instead of spending like a possible 18 dollars on those boxes you can buy the Jackbox Party Pack Humble Bundle that is out that you know you can get all those different Jackbox games for probably around the same amount of money.
Or you can get a six month subscription to VOG Network on Twitch.
There you go. Or that.
I think that's the best use of your money myself.
All right.
How else are we going to be able to afford all those apex coins?
Yeah. How else are we going to be able to turn around and spend your money on apex coins?
No that is not what we spend it on.
Clearly it's the default of a team.
We had some new flyers printed for Dragon Con and well actually they were printed for Southern Fried Game Room and we just got enough so they're for Dragon Con as well.
And yeah so other other fun stuff to look forward to in the future.
Anyway some things that people were maybe looking forward to in the future was a streaming Xbox.
At least this was the way that we thought that Microsoft was going to be going is that we just assumed that hey Microsoft is probably going to be doing a streaming Xbox at some point.
But Phil Spencer has come out and said maybe not so much.
Phil Spencer in an interview with GameSpot said no they're not working on a streaming only console but they're working on the cloud gaming platform to do convenience and choice on the smartphone.
Phil Spencer does say this is one of the directions that the industry is headed.
It's inevitable that it's going to happen but they're not going there right now.
Saying we have more compute devices around us than we've ever had.
Whether it's your phone, a Surface Hub or an Xbox.
The world where compute devices are gone and it's all coming from the cloud just isn't in the world that we live in today.
It should be noted that xCloud is launching in October kind of officially letting you stream games from your Xbox One to your smartphone.
This may also play into a little bit that big big fat rumor we had last week about the shell for your phone the controller shell.
That would let you kind of take that wherever that would be very interesting if that ended up being their solution.
Because technically he's not lying in this case.
It's not a dedicated system it's just something that turns your phone into even that much more of a package for playing games.
Which would make a lot of sense to me to see it go that way.
So we'll see.
Anyway I don't know if anybody here is interested in a streaming only Microsoft device.
Because I figure most of us you know if we bought a Microsoft we just bought the console.
But I mean I don't know those of you that don't have Xbox Ones which I think is everybody but me.
I mean would you be interested if they had a streaming system solution.
I just I still don't think that really changed the equation.
I think in a way he's right.
I think Phil Spencer is smart and that's why Microsoft is ahead.
I think he's right that like if they're going to have success with it it's going to be on phones on computers on tablets.
And the things that we already have.
And I think the smartest thing they can do is make your phone better able to play these games with that controller shell.
If that is a real solution it's a brilliant one.
And that's going to be a far better solution like if I would look at getting something like that.
Are you kidding.
It's going to be amazing.
Yeah we'll see.
All right.
Moving on.
Dark soccer.
Well I know I've brought up the IQ before which is basically how Nintendo gets games out in China.
This is basically what they did to bypass laws against video games.
The company that runs it is a Nintendo owned subsidiary.
So Nintendo and TechNet are getting together of course to release the Switch in mainland China.
IQ shifted focus into development testing localization and now they're hiring game programmers and testers.
So it looks like someone a user on reset era found this and is looking at an intent.
So basically Nintendo is repurposing the IQ subsidiary even though right now they are still you know that platform.
So we'll see what happens.
That could be interesting.
I wonder what Nintendo might be planning in China.
Like I wonder maybe some localization of some of their games or who knows.
They're hiring programmers so they're going to be doing development.
So maybe they're becoming an intended development house.
Maybe.
Specifically maybe for the Chinese market.
That would be interesting.
Can you imagine things that are developed specifically for the Chinese market.
Yeah.
From Nintendo.
That could be very interesting.
But I mean we have to remember there's a lot of people in China.
So it's a it's a pretty big country.
I don't know if you've heard of it.
There's a lot of people there.
So I mean it would make sense for video game companies.
I think I feel like they're kind of like always trying to get into China.
But then something like slows them down or keeps them out.
Whether it be the big firewall or whatever it is.
We'll see.
Be interesting to see if Nintendo has more success there.
All right.
Well moving on just a couple more stories for you guys.
Then we're going to get some calls over on Discord.
So if you want to get in tonight.
vognetwork.com slash Discord is the place to get into our Discord server.
Meanwhile.
There is something actually wholesome on Twitter.
So apparently Twitter's got this new bot that was created by a guy named Neil Ceceria.
And he created this Twitter account called Endless Jeopardy.
And allows basically algorithm creates trivia questions for which players must generate answers.
Obviously because it's an algorithm it doesn't make any sense.
And so it's oh it's like one of those like I had my computer watch a hundred episodes of Friends.
And then generate its own Friends script.
And here's what it looks like it's one of these things.
Yes it's kind of silly stuff like that.
And so it's basically the way you play the game is you respond to the question.
Well you respond to the answer with a question.
Yes that's how Jeopardy works.
And then whoever gets the most likes you get points based on that.
And so they actually tally what your winnings are and everything like that.
So it's pretty cool.
So you can check it out.
Endless Jeopardy is the Twitter account.
And you may find such wonderful submissions like for example.
Endless you might find this Cole slightly excited.
Or this 1988 scandal was caused by a democratic internet.
It's called the city of risks.
Before life as a troublemaker she bide socks.
And they actually have the answers to these.
Yeah like so for example this last one in the city of risks.
I want to know what the city of risk.
Well it's whatever people think it is and whoever gets the most.
It's so it's puns and stuff like that.
So like for example the one that one was what is new Amsterdam.
It would be funny if it was new hand.
Amsterdam.
See that's funny.
Or what.
What's joint city city new joint city.
Okay.
See there.
There you go.
Corpus risky Texas.
Corpus risky.
That's funny.
There you go.
So it's it's filled with puns and stuff like that.
The one I think that one for the first one I read you might find this Cole slightly excited
was a carbon dating.
Okay that's good.
So it's every 15 minutes and you basically put your responses in the form of a question
and then if you get as you know as many likes as you can and then you rack up points that
way and it's going to go on forever until Twitter ends until the end.
So so if you're bored one day and you're looking for something to do.
There you go.
Not even the end of the world.
It's the end of Twitter.
These are very distinctly different things.
Sorry I don't know why the thought of the end of Twitter is just like so hilarious to
me but it is all right.
Maybe because I kind of sometimes wish that site would just go under.
You know it pisses me off about Twitter.
Everything I couldn't like just despite the fact that the dump is on it.
No just even all that garbage aside like the fact that I downloaded the latest version
on iOS and I'm like Twitter is unusable.
All I'm seeing is people replying to other people and things that other people have liked
Echo phone.
No I.
No no no no.
No.
Can I finish my story.
Yes it's a Twitter thing.
But apparently at some point Twitter reverted from the latest tweets screen to the home
screen which shows you only the curated stuff and the curated stuff fucking sucks.
So Twitter needs to stop shoving that down my throat.
That's why I'm using a different app to read my Twitter.
I thought they killed all those third party apps.
No Echo phone has been working forever.
Well that's good.
And it does everything just straight up feed.
OK well that's good.
Well I use I use lists too was is the other way I do it.
So like that's how it because people go how do you follow eighteen hundred people on Twitter
because sure I read my regular feed once in a while but I also have a curated list of
like 30 people and that's the one where I actually stay current on all the statuses.
So anyway and no I'm not going to tell you who's on it who's not.
That's for me to know.
So but my co-hosts are on it.
I will say that I'm covered in your cat's hair.
I just realized what.
Why did you.
I love your shirt by the way.
I wish.
Thank you.
Well maybe after the show you can show it on camera.
You want to show it now.
Oh.
Oh there's a rare appearance here it is.
There it is.
Pride.
Love it.
All right.
Anyway.
OK.
I just don't want my broken out face all over.
Oh you're fine.
You look fine.
And besides the light washes all of that out.
All right.
Anyhow moving on to a story.
Speaking of Nintendo being in a movie and the wizard and things we probably never thought
we would see in our lifetime but here we are.
Nintendo is partnering with E-League to broadcast the Nintendo 2019 World Championships on CBS.
E-League is part of Turner Broadcasting which obviously you know runs a lot of those networks
and things.
They do tournaments for Rocket League, Counter Strike, Street Fighter, Overwatch.
E-League is usually on TBS but on August 25th at 1 p.m. the Nintendo 2019 World Championships
will be shown on CBS.
There will be more episodes on September 7th at 2 p.m. and September 14th at 1 30 p.m.
That's pretty cool.
The first Nintendo World Championships was in 1990 and then they've brought it back in
recent years 2015 and 2017.
This is going to be the first time that it's on TV as opposed to Twitch.
I went to the 1991 to try to qualify.
Bobby Black Wolf.
I didn't qualify but I went.
I think Bobby Black Wolf did qualify.
He told the story on one of his shows.
I know he did.
So probably around the time it made a comeback.
So anyway, I think it's neat that they're showing esports like on TV and not just any
I mean we know there has been like Overwatch finals has been on ESPN and stuff.
But I mean like Nintendo and like that type of stuff that you know we really like again
many of us grew up with things like the Nintendo World Championships in our memory.
So the fact that that is now being shown on TV like that's kind of a huge deal I think.
Big big deal.
So very cool.
DJ Rama says does this mean we'll get the wizard on Blu-ray now.
I thought it was already on Blu-ray actually.
That's not a thing.
I thought it was.
All right.
I'm surprised that we have a lot of really surprising.
It's not a thing at this point.
So all right.
Well we are about to get to our phone calls.
So if you want to give us a call you can join our green room over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
I don't see anybody there right now.
And it may be a slow night.
I don't know.
But I'll check in and see if we have any last minute stories before we get to it.
Well there's the new Skyblivion thing that they made the announcement for.
That looks pretty awesome.
Oh yeah.
I didn't end up being able to squeeze this in the show world.
Tell us more about this.
So it's basically putting the world of Oblivion into the Skyrim engine.
I think that's awesome.
It's amazing.
So that should be coming out at some point.
If it hopefully doesn't get shut down by Bethesda.
God I love the modders.
I'm sure the modders will be less buggy than Bethesda too.
By the way also not making the show world tonight but a follow up to a joke from a couple weeks ago.
The whole Bethesda net account needed to play Doom.
Yeah they patched that out.
That has been officially patched out.
Well that's good.
The lead producer for Anthem is leaving BioWare.
I heard about this.
Tell us more.
Well I just found the story so I don't really know much about it.
Let me see.
Gosh.
Load faster.
Do you want me to get to a call and come back to you?
No I got it.
Ben Irving is leaving.
He posted it on Twitter.
He accepted a position with another company.
And that the game still quote has a bright future.
Fart.
But he said that BioWare was his dream place to work since the first time he played Baldur's Gate.
And blah blah blah blah blah.
So he's going away.
Well good luck.
Hopefully they will.
Hopefully your new company will support you and what you want to do and not try to shove $170 microtransactions down your throat.
Or force you to release games early.
Before they're done.
Alright.
Let's get to the calls shall we?
Hello you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey everybody it's Rama.
Hey Rama it's always good to hear from you. What's on your mind tonight buddy?
Awesome it's always good to not just hear from y'all but watch y'all too in living color.
Well be careful because one week we might do it in black and white just to throw y'all off your game.
I would like to see y'all do that and I can see it happening as an April Fools prank.
Don't give me ideas. What's on your mind tonight?
Too late.
Let me tell you. When I'm at work, once I get into the zone of taking care of my closing out tix and doing my research for certain support issues.
I have my headphones in and I open up YouTube and I have a little cumulative playlist of all types of music.
Especially a lot of gaming music to kind of get me through all of this.
I'm feeling how Nintendo is pulling these channels with the soundtracks but you know what?
It's like a weed. Kill one, two more pop up.
That is a very good point that I can't believe wasn't kind of stated early on.
You're right you might stop one channel but then even more are going to pop up.
I don't know if these channels monetized either.
I know I've seen YouTube channels that are just soundtracks that do monetize.
And I'm always very surprised at that because I think you're just making a slippery slope kind of a spiky one.
Because when you start monetizing off that stuff.
And again I don't know if these channels that got pulled were monetizing or not.
I'm just saying I have seen channels out there that do monetize with other people's soundtracks.
And that can be a yike situation just legally right?
Yeah it's like the whole thing of mods are gone post photos type situation.
But I'm not sure about which channels I go to that monetize because I use an ad blocker for a lot of channels.
You know so I can just get through my clients.
But you got this one channel with all of these Nintendo soundtracks that's like 10,000 subscribe.
I'll just go to the person that has not as many will have maybe about 500 subscribers.
And from there I'll just find other ones.
And also there are remix channels out there so I'm not so that's something as well.
And you know I wish Nintendo would just kind of come to that same realization.
And to be fair maybe they have we still have some time to see this.
But I wish Nintendo would just come to that same realization that like the music industry kind of ended up on years ago.
Like what finally put Napster in check?
I'm not gonna say killed Napster but what finally put Napster in check?
iTunes.
The ability to buy songs at a reasonable price that honestly it was just easier to pay a dollar to download a song.
Than to like try to go find on LimeWire the one that was like you know actually a virus for your computer and all this stuff.
Like when they made it reasonably like easy to buy music online piracy went way down.
Again I'm not gonna say it's ended because I'm not that bold.
But you know now the music industry is in a place where Spotify, Apple Music, YouTube Red.
Is it YouTube Red or whatever the YouTube premiums call it?
No it's YouTube Music.
Okay and all that stuff is what they have now.
So like you know Nintendo you're right pulling one channel is just gonna cause more to pop up.
That's what happened back in the day with Napster and all that.
You can't ban everybody.
But you can really slow it down if you legitimize it.
And there are actually apps out there where it's a YouTube-esque app where you can log in and it'll put your playlist or whatever.
And it'll stream all the music no commercials no nothing you know.
I personally don't use it because I don't need to when I'm traveling back and forth.
Because I have maybe about over a hundred gigs of music on my phone.
So I'm totally good with that along with podcasts you know.
Yeah and you know hey it's just Nintendo that's pulling their music.
There's tons of other companies out there that you know you can listen to their game music.
Hell there's a lot of indie artists that put their soundtracks to games up on YouTube.
And would love for you to give them that type of clicks and exposure.
So that's always something else to consider too.
Is that sure you know the Mario Brothers theme and the Nintendo music from games like Zelda and stuff.
You know that's like the John Williams Star Wars theme Jurassic Park theme.
That's the creme de la creme of the industry and the stuff we instantly recognize.
But it isn't to say there ain't a ton of really fucking good gaming music out there that is plenty also readily available for you.
So true and in the event that I can't find some of my favorite gaming soundtracks.
There are people who have anime soundtracks I can go listen to.
There are people who have TV show soundtracks I can go listen to.
I'm good one way or the other you know.
As Joe points out Toby Fox seems pretty cool about Undertale music being out in the wild.
Tiger class says the problem with buying music on iTunes is the music has DRM in it.
It'll only play on iTunes.
Well keep keep keep in mind a lot of that has evolved to Apple music and the streaming solutions.
And also I know what I would do I would just burn the music to CD.
Wrong anyway.
Anything that you buy in Apple and Apple on iTunes these days are not DRM.
It's the stuff that you get through Apple music because it's a subscription service has DRM.
Oh interesting.
And the only things on iTunes that are not in Apple music that do have DRM are required by the manufacturer or the recording label.
The more you know.
See that makes sense because there's a lot of anime soundtracks that hit iTunes and I'm just like I'll wait till it's on Amazon.
And then it gets to the point where I can't wait.
So I have to find alternate means to find it until I have the money to buy it.
And my thing is I don't want to be tied into iTunes.
But knowing this I can put the music on my phone is a default player and go about my day knowing I have supported somebody's craft.
Yeah I mean I've copied a lot of stuff.
I mean I'll test it just to be sure but I mean I look at this stuff every day.
I've been an iTunes user since before I had my iPhone when the first one came out.
So I remember when they moved away from the DRM thing and this was something like a decade ago for iTunes in particular they just raised the price of the music.
I think it's the aspect of people don't want to support iTunes. I get it. I understand it.
It's just my thing is this. I may not like that program but if that's who I have to go to to support take my money plain as day.
I want to put my personal differences aside to support an industry that I'm a part of.
Alright my friend I'm going to let you go so we can wrap up. Do you have any other last minute thoughts or comments?
Yes your trip to New York. I will make this brief and I'll go about my merry little way.
There is one thing that you need to do while you're here. Do a tour of NBC Studios.
Because during this tour they take you to a little talk show area where you can record your own talk show.
And I don't know how it piles through but you can get a copy of it and who knows you might be the lucky person sitting behind Jimmy Fallon's former desk doing Late Night with Rob Roberts.
I love it. You know it's funny I did do the NBC tour the last time I was there because we did the whole Top of the Rock thing.
And as part of the tour we got to go to the studio where they did Saturday Night Live.
And they told us we were very lucky because it was actually a Saturday and they were doing a show that night.
But we were able to go in there and whatever band was performing was actually on stage doing their thing.
And they had some of the actors were down on the floor like kind of bopping to it.
All I remember was that the guest host that night was John C. Reilly.
And this would have been like 2006-ish. So it was whatever that was. We were at the studio that day. It was pretty cool.
Okay. And sometimes if you're lucky depending on which date during the week you could see Seth Meyers or Jimmy Fallon you know.
Yeah it's trippy because it's like you know it's their place of work. It's their work building.
Alright my friend. Take care.
You too.
Alright. Bye bye.
Bye.
Alright. So we're going to go ahead and.
Hey. Okay. That's cool. The mouse just won't work now so I can't hang on.
When was the last time it got charged or it had batteries.
Is it. Oh is that why it's blinking.
Yeah.
Well this is embarrassing.
I hope I have the right. I know I hope I have the right battery for it or else we're not gonna be able to stop OLR tonight.
We're going to be streaming forever. Hope you guys are ready for it. Is this a double A.
Yeah it's double A. OK. So while I replace the battery y'all fill time.
Well you could have just like you know keyboard shortcuts. They have the access.
They have the accessibility modes. You know you could do that. It's fine.
Uh huh.
I don't know.
So I don't get.
Apparently there are Animal Crossing cross Sanrio NFC cards.
And I wonder if these were only in Japan right now they're doing for a pocket camp.
They're doing like a Sanrio crossover.
But I wonder if this is for like for like happy home designer or something.
I don't know.
I might have the wizard is on blue gray by the way.
It is right here.
I sees it right now.
OK.
I'm not going to buy it though because I don't want to.
Well I've already got that movie on 50 million other things too.
But yeah.
What else.
Oh Rob's coming back.
OK.
I got the battery fixed.
It was putting the fucking case or the little lid back on it that was like driving me bonkers.
And I'm like clicking everywhere on the screen while we do it.
All right. Well I don't think any other calls are coming in so we're going to go ahead and hang up on our discord server.
But if you want to join throughout the week you can of course over at vog network dot com slash discord.
But with that we are about towards the end of our show.
I want to thank you guys for tuning in with us and hanging with us for another week here at Orange Launch Radio.
Just a reminder we won't be back live for three weeks.
So we'll be back on September 8th.
We're taking a little break because of Dragon Con.
We will have a new episode next week and Bobby will be here.
So we still encourage you guys to be here over at Twitch TV slash vog network next Sunday.
But then Labor Day weekend we will be gone.
But running on this channel will be the Dragon Con media media creators track.
So that'll be you know and there's going to be a lot of great content on that.
So check that out. It'll be great.
So we'll be hosting that. They have their own official channel.
I just want to make that clear.
So yeah wrap it up.
Have a great few weeks everybody.
And if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio.
Tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But we can only get those voices out there if they're you know able to be aired.
You have to be here. You have to participate in order to have your voices out there.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts for the night.
Dark Soccer. Ladies first we'll start with you.
That's it.
All right then we'll go to Loki.
I did end up picking up No Man's Sky on PC.
So I may have to try playing that.
I may try it on the Rift but I just need room to play the Rift.
So I guess the kitchen.
We'll see.
All right and then my final thought is I'm looking very forward to my trip.
I'm going to be this is the longest I've been away from home for a long time because I'm going to be gone 10 days and all.
But I'm really excited for it.
Vacation is really good.
I also thanks to anybody I met playing the Survivor game that might actually be out there listening tonight.
Lots of great connections made.
Lots of good friendships made through that.
And but I'm happy to have my life back and streaming and doing all that other stuff again.
And I'm going to probably play some No Man's Sky on PC myself tonight.
Have a great week everybody.
We'll be back with a new episode in seven days.
It just won't be live.
We'll see you then.
Take care.
Happy gaming and good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Music.